<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20051221_10-K_edgar_data_1140415_0001193125-05-246637.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4531640</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>869263</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>38884</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3186279</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-05-246637.hdr.sgml : 20051221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20051221164814
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-05-246637
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20051221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20051221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DRESSER INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140415
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				752795365
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32372
		FILM NUMBER:		051279066

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15455 DALLAS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		STE 1100
		CITY:			ADDISON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-361-9800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15455 DALLAS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		STE 1100
		CITY:			ADDISON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 OZkK6+XQZIbxvhv8K/C6x4+FdItahJAhSmakXXZNjc2uWjvKZwsywGqqcCYDXawT
 VmB0OMdMdTPA1+u5uY4pqA==

 0001193125-05-246637.txt : 20051221

10-K
 1
 d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED 12/31/2004

Form 10-K for fiscal year ended 12/31/2004 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 Form 10-K 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 001-32372 DRESSER, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 
 
 75-2795365 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 15455 Dallas
Parkway, Suite 1100 Addison, Texas 75001 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) (972) 361-9800 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: NONE
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the
Act: NONE Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in
Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No There is currently no established publicly traded market for the common equity of the Company held by non-affiliates.
 The number of shares outstanding of common stock (par value
 0.01 per share) as of December 15, 2005 was 1,000. 

Table of Contents 

 DRESSER, INC. Form 10-K Annual Report 
 Index 

Page No. 

PART I. 

Item 1. 

Business 
 
 3 
 
 Item 2. 

Properties 
 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 
 
 33 
 
 Item 4. 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 
 35 

PART II. 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 36 
 
 Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 
 
 37 
 
 Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 39 
 
 Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 74 
 
 Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 76 
 
 Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 76 
 
 Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 
 
 76 

PART III . 

Item 10. 

Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 81 
 
 Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 
 
 87 
 
 Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 95 
 
 Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
 97 
 
 Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 100 

PART IV . 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 101 

Signatures 
 
 107 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS Restatement of Historical
Financial Statements During the fourth calendar quarter
of 2003, we reported adjustments aggregating a 10.0 million decrease to pre-tax income and a 2.4 million decrease to income tax expense (the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments ). In our 2003 Form 10-K, we reflected these amounts in the
fourth quarter of 2003 and disclosed that these amounts were significant to the fourth quarter and the year. We have since determined to restate our historical financial statements for the effect of the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments. Also, during
the preparation of our 2004 financial statements, we identified errors in amounts we had previously reported in our historical financial statements for the first nine months of 2004 and periods prior to 2004. As a result, we have restated our
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 and our quarterly financial information for each of the quarters in 2003 and the first three quarters of 2004. The errors identified related to: 

Certain adjustments recorded and disclosed in the fourth quarter of 2003, which related to prior periods; 

Deferred tax adjustments arising from our 2001 recapitalization transaction; 

Accounting for LIFO inventory; 

Accounting for foreign currency translation; 

Accounting for inventory, including capitalization of inventory costs, the elimination of profits related to intercompany inventory transfers, and excess and obsolete inventory
reserves; 

Capitalization and amortization of deferred financing fees; 

Various reconciliation adjustments related to our on/off valves product line; and 

Other various matters, primarily of a control-related or bookkeeping nature, identified during the preparation of our 2004 financial statements or in connection with the restatement
efforts discussed above. The following table
sets forth the effects of the above errors, including the impact of reversing the previously recorded 2003 fourth quarter adjustments and the deferred tax adjustments related to our 2001 recapitalization transaction and recording these items in the
appropriate periods, on our previously reported net income (loss) for the years 2000 through 2003 and the nine months ended September 30, 2004 

Adjustment to Net Income (Loss) 

Cumulative Total Adjustment to Net Income (Loss) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2004 

Year Ended December 31, 

Prior to 2000 

2003 

2002 

2001 

2000 

(in millions) 

2003 fourth quarter adjustments 

11.3 

(0.2) 

(1.4) 

(0.6) 

(3.7) 

5.4 

Deferred tax adjustments 

(2.7) 

(0.6) 

0.2 

(3.1) 
 
 LIFO inventory 

(0.4) 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

(5.3) 

(6.1) 
 
 Foreign currency translation 

(0.2) 

2.7 

4.5 

(0.3) 

6.7 

Inventory costing 

(2.4) 

0.7 

3.9 

(0.8) 

(2.7) 

(3.0) 

(4.3) 
 
 Deferred financing fees 

4.3 

0.4 

2.0 

1.8 

8.5 

On/Off adjustments 

0.2 

(2.6) 

2.0 

0.1 

0.2 

(0.1) 
 
 Other 

(2.6) 

1.0 

(0.6) 

3.3 

1.1 

Total adjustments 

1.9 

6.8 

12.4 

(1.2) 

(3.3) 

(8.5) 

8.1 

Management and our
independent registered public accounting firm have identified six material weaknesses regarding elements of our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of these material weaknesses, our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2004, our disclosure 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. To address the material weaknesses, we performed additional analyses and other post-closing procedures to ensure that the consolidated financial
statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows for the periods presented. See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures for information concerning each of our six material weaknesses. For additional information relating to the effect of our restatement, see the following items: 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Our Business General Business Development Dresser, Inc. was originally incorporated in 1998 as Dresser Equipment Group, Inc. DEG ), a Delaware corporation. Its certificate of
incorporation was amended and restated on April 9, 2001 with our present name. As used in this report, the terms we, our, us, Dresser and the Company refer to Dresser, Inc. and its
predecessors, subsidiaries and affiliates unless the context indicates otherwise. In January 2001, Halliburton Company Halliburton ), together with its wholly-owned subsidiary Dresser B.V., signed an Agreement and Plan of Recapitalization with DEG Acquisitions, LLC, an entity owned by
affiliates of First Reserve Corporation First Reserve and Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC Odyssey ), to effect the recapitalization of its businesses relating to, among other things, the design, manufacture and marketing
of flow control, measurement systems and compression and power systems for customers primarily in the energy industry. In connection with the recapitalization in April 2001, we paid Halliburton 1,296.3 million to redeem our common equity and
acquire the stock of certain of our foreign subsidiaries from Dresser B.V. The recapitalization transaction and related expenses were financed through the issuance of 300 million of senior subordinated notes, 720.0 million of borrowings under our
credit facility and approximately 400 million of common equity contributed by DEG Acquisitions, LLC. Halliburton retained an approximate 5.1 voting interest as part of the recapitalization transaction. On July 3, 2002, we modified our corporate structure by forming a Delaware
holding company and two Bermuda holding companies between the existing shareholders and Dresser, Inc. We are now wholly-owned by Dresser Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Dresser Holdings, Ltd., a Bermuda corporation, is the sole shareholder
of Dresser Holdings, Inc., and Dresser, Ltd., a Bermuda corporation, is the sole shareholder of Dresser Holdings, Ltd. As a result of our new corporate structure, our shareholders became shareholders of Dresser, Ltd. Dresser Holdings, Inc. and
Dresser Holdings, Ltd. have no assets or liabilities, other than common stock holdings of us and Dresser Holdings, Inc., respectively, conduct no operations and have no transactions to date other than those incidental to their formation or
insignificant equity transactions. We believe we are a leading
worldwide manufacturer and marketer of highly engineered energy infrastructure and oilfield products and services. Approximately 85 of our revenues are generated from energy infrastructure and oilfield equipment spending. Our customers use our
products for the exploration, production, 
 4 
 Ashcroft , Becker Precision
Equipment , BPE , Consolidated , Control Seal , Dresser , Ebro , Enginator , Global Century , Global Star ,
Green-Tag , Grove , Heise , Ledeen , MARC , Masoneilan , Mooney , Nil-Cor , Nucleus , Ovation ,
Ring-O , Roots , SVI , Tom Wheatley , Texsteam , TK , Valvue , VHP , Vista , Waukesha ,
Enginator , Wayne , Wayne Plus/3 and Wheatley are our and/or our subsidiaries principal trademarks to which we refer herein. 

Table of Contents 

transportation, processing, storage and distribution of oil and gas and their by-products. Our principal business segments are flow control, measurement
systems and compression and power systems. We serve the energy industry globally, with an established sales presence in over 100 countries and manufacturing or customer support facilities in 20 countries. For the year ended December 31, 2004, 62 of
our revenues were generated from our operations outside of the United States, and we expect this percentage to increase going forward. Our on/off valves and instruments product lines generated approximately 29 of our 2004 revenues from operations
outside of the United States. See Recent Developments below for a discussion of the sales of our on/off valves and instruments product lines. We offer our customers a broad portfolio of highly engineered products, including valves, instruments, meters, retail fuel dispensers, software and
related control systems and natural gas fueled engines. Because a number of our products are for use in mission-critical applications, our customers require us to meet stringent internal, government and industry standards in order to reduce the
likelihood of costly system failures. Our customers select our products based on our product performance and reliability, timely service, support and price. Our products are often developed and engineered in cooperation with our customers for
specific applications. We believe our established brands, such as Consolidated, Grove, Masoneilan, Roots, Waukesha and Wayne, are well regarded among our customers. As a result of our long operating history, we believe we have developed an installed
equipment base that provides us with recurring aftermarket revenues. Our more than 10,000 customers include most of the world s major and national oil companies, multinational engineering and construction companies and a number of other Fortune 500 firms. In 2004, our top customers in terms of revenues,
excluding distributors, included BPAmoco Corporation, ChevronTexaco Corporation, ExxonMobil Corporation and Shell Oil Company. In 2004, our largest customer accounted for approximately 2.8 of our revenues. Our principal business segments are as follows: Flow Control (54.4 of 2004 revenues). We are a manufacturer of
on/off valves, control valves and pressure relief valves. We serve the oil and gas production, transportation, storage, refining, petrochemical and power generation sectors of the energy industry. Our flow control segment produces what we believe is
one of the most complete valve product lines for the energy infrastructure industry, including both standard and customized product offerings. In addition to valve products, our flow control segment also designs, manufactures and markets six other
primary product lines: actuators, which are devices that perform a mechanical action in response to an input signal, integrated flow systems, instruments, meters, pressure regulators and piping specialties. Measurement Systems (29.5 of 2004 revenues). We believe our
measurement systems segment is a leading supplier of retail fuel dispensers, pumps, peripherals, point-of-sale and site monitoring systems and software for the retail fueling industry. We have marketed our retail fuel systems for approximately 100
years under the Wayne brand. As an industry pioneer, we were the first to introduce self-service consoles and fuel blending dispensers to service stations. More recently, we introduced the first in-pump card readers and cash acceptors, the first
microcomputer-based fuel processing systems, the first in-pump radio frequency identification payment systems such as Speedpass (a registered trademark of ExxonMobil Corporation) and the first dispenser mounted touch screen payment/communication
systems. We also produce regulatory approved vapor recovery systems that reduce gasoline vapor emissions during the fueling process. Our June 2004 acquisition of the retail fueling systems operation of Nuovo Pignone S.p.A. from General Electric
Company has increased our global market share in retail fuel systems and expanded our penetration of the retail fuel systems market in Europe. Compression and Power Systems (16.1 of 2004 revenues). We believe our compression and power systems segment is a leader in the design,
manufacture and marketing of natural gas fueled engines. Our engines are used primarily for natural gas compression and distributed power generation. Our product offering includes high horsepower engines and complete power generation packages. We
also manufacture positive displacement 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

blowers and centrifugal compressors for air and gas applications. Our power systems and compression products are sold under the Waukesha and Roots brand
names worldwide, both directly to end-users and through a network of independent distributors. We believe we have been able to develop a large installed base of natural gas fueled industrial engines as a result of our long operating history.
 For additional discussion of our business segments, see
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. For our segment operating results, identifiable assets and geographic information, see Item 8. Financial Statements Note 19.
Segment Information, which is incorporated herein by reference. Recent Developments On/Off Valve Business 
 In November 2005, we sold substantially all of our worldwide on/off valve
business to Cooper Cameron Corporation. The sale of the Brazilian portion of the on/off business is awaiting Brazilian regulatory confirmation of transfer permits and tax documentation, which we expect to be completed in early 2006. The total
purchase price for the on/off business was 223.8 million in cash, subject to post-closing adjustments including 21.3 million attributable to the Brazilian operation. In connection with the sale, Cooper Cameron has assumed certain liabilities which
include ordinary course customer/vendor contracts, leases and other commercial agreements; specified agency/distributor agreements; working capital liabilities, including payables and accrued payroll; specified severance, change of control and
employment agreements; product warranty/ product liability for products shipped post-closing, as well as product warranty/product liability for products shipped pre-closing, but only to the extent of warranty reserves; and liquidated damages on
shipped products to the extent of reserves, plus 50 of liquidated damages on backlog shipped within 180 days of the closing. We retained all liabilities not specifically assumed, including litigation, environmental (whether known or unknown), debt, pension liabilities and other
benefit plans; product warranty/product liability for products shipped pre-closing in excess of warranty reserves; liquidated damages on shipped products in excess of reserves, plus 50 of liquidated damages on backlog shipped within 180 days of the
closing (net of unused reserves from shipped products). Instruments
Business Also in November 2005, we sold our instruments
business to Ashcroft Holdings, Inc., an affiliate of KPS Special Situations Fund II, L.P. Ashcroft ), for approximately 34.0 million in cash, subject to post-closing adjustments. Ashcroft assumed certain liabilities which include
ordinary course contracts, leases, distributor and sales agent contracts, and other commercial agreements; working capital liabilities, including payables and accrued payroll; termination or severance obligations that may be payable to certain
distributors, sales agents and employees; and liabilities under the unit s German pension plan. We retained all liabilities not specifically assumed, including certain known environmental liabilities, such as remediation obligations at our Stratford,
Connecticut facility; certain pension and frozen retiree medical and life insurance liabilities; specified litigation; and pre-closing product and export control liabilities. Our Industry The worldwide energy infrastructure and oilfield equipment industry is primarily comprised of products and services used in finding, producing,
transporting, processing, storing and distributing oil and natural gas and their by-products. The market spans the energy value chain: exploration and production; transmission; storage; conversion, which includes refining and petrochemical and power
generation; end-product retail distribution. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Over the long term, demand for energy infrastructure and oilfield equipment is generally driven by the
level of worldwide economic activity and energy consumption. Energy demand is driven by global population, industrial growth, the levels of energy consumed per capita and changes in energy usage patterns. Short-term demand for energy infrastructure
and oilfield equipment, however, is primarily driven by the level of capital expenditures made by the oil and gas and power industries to maintain, upgrade and expand energy infrastructure, which in turn is typically driven by actual oil and gas
prices or anticipated changes. According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), global energy consumption is projected to grow at a compound annual rate of 1.8 from 2001 to 2025. The EIA projects that natural gas will be the fastest
growing primary energy source, with global consumption growing at a 2.2 compound annual rate over the same period. The EIA also projects that energy consumption within developing countries will nearly double over the next 20 years, growing at a
compound annual rate of 2.7 , compared with 1.2 for industrialized countries. The increase in natural gas consumption is partly due to its position as the desired fuel source for electric power generation, given its relative efficiency and
environmental advantages. Over the forecast period, the EIA expects the electricity generated using natural gas to increase as a percentage of total electricity generated from 18 in 2001 to 25 in 2025. The increase in world natural gas consumption will require bringing new
natural gas resources to market. While natural gas reserves have trended upward each year, developing countries, which generally account for nearly two-thirds of the world s reserves, have accounted for virtually all of the increase. With many
of the natural gas reserves in remote areas, the increase in natural gas consumption is expected to generate substantial investment within these regions in order to bring natural gas to major consuming markets. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), the cumulative investment
in finding, transporting, storing and refining of oil and natural gas is expected to be 6.0 trillion from 2001 to 2030. This investment is expected to be driven by the need to replace declining production and update and replace historical oil and
natural gas infrastructure, as well as by liquid natural gas, or LNG, facility growth, among other factors. According to the International Pipeline Construction Survey published by the Pipeline and Gas Journal in August 2005,
approximately 42,500 miles of oil and gas pipeline are planned for construction over the next several years and approximately 11,500 miles of oil and gas pipeline are currently under construction. Oil and gas companies often use infrastructure equipment for mission-critical
applications in which product failure can have severe consequences and result in substantial financial losses that can reach levels many times the value of the product. As a result, oil and gas companies tend to focus on product performance and
reliability and limit the number of their approved vendors. Completing the required testing and qualification for placement on approved vendor or product lists can take several years and may require significant capital expenditures. Customers are
also reluctant to replace proven equipment designs with those of new or unknown manufacturers. Oil and gas companies are also increasingly looking for equipment suppliers to provide more comprehensive engineering services and integrated solutions as part of their procurement process in order to reduce personnel
and internal costs. As part of their efforts to streamline their procurement process, these companies are also reducing the number of manufacturers with whom they work, favoring firms with broader product offerings and global presence. Oil and gas
companies are increasingly pursuing large, international projects, often involving extreme temperatures and pressures. We believe that our innovative and highly engineered products are well-suited to these extreme applications. For example, major
oil companies in South America operate Waukesha s powered gas compressors in ambient temperatures as low as -40 F and up to 13,000 feet in elevation. Also, our control valves are used for the regulation of liquid oxygen and liquid nitrogen
at pressure of up to 10,000 psi in rocket component test stands at the NASA facility in Stennis, Alabama. We believe that these trends will continue in the future and that we will benefit from oil and oil and gas companies need for innovative
products and technology, which often generate higher margins than more conventional products, to complete projects under extreme temperatures and pressures. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our Competitive Strengths We believe that our focus on the energy sector along with the following competitive strengths position us to enhance our
growth and profitability. Global Presence and Market
Leadership. We have a long history of leadership and innovation in the energy infrastructure and oilfield equipment industry. We operate in all of the world s major energy markets and believe that we are a leading provider in most of
the key markets we serve. Our sales presence in over 100 countries and manufacturing or customer support and service facilities in 20 countries enables us to service our customers around the world. We believe that our broad portfolio of products and
services, global presence, strong brand recognition and reputation for quality and performance provide us with an advantage in competing for business from large, multinational customers. Broad Portfolio of Products with Reputation for Performance and Reliability. We believe our products and
brands have earned a reputation for product reliability, performance and innovation. We are one of a select number of approved vendors to many of our clients. We hold more than 120 regulatory and industry approvals or certifications worldwide and
have a history of advanced product introductions. Our reputation for innovation provides us with an advantage in competing for business in mission-critical applications, particularly those requiring highly engineered products that perform in
challenging temperature and pressure environments. Long-Standing Customer Relationships. We have over 10,000 customers, including long-standing relationships with many of the world s major national and independent oil companies, multinational engineering and construction
companies and other Fortune 500 firms. The recurring nature of our sales to our major customers reflects their satisfaction with the reliability and performance of our products and the timeliness of our service. These relationships also have
provided us with the opportunity to collaborate with our clients to better address their needs. For example, our close working relationship with Cal Energy resulted in our being qualified as the only supplier of control valves for geothermal brine
flow control. The extremely corrosive and erosive nature of this application called for close collaboration related to material selection and the internal design of the valve components to ensure long reliable service. Large Installed Base. We believe that our global installed base
of products provides us with substantial recurring aftermarket revenue since our customers award a significant portion of replacement equipment, parts and maintenance services business to the original equipment manufacturer. Aftermarket sales
account for approximately 25 of our revenues in 2004 with margins that often exceed that of our original equipment. Additionally, our installed base enables us to maintain strong customer relationships and increase our understanding of our
customers needs. Strong, Experienced Management.
 Our management team has substantial experience in manufacturing and in the energy infrastructure and oilfield equipment markets. Our executive management and business unit heads average 25 years of relevant experience and many of them have
held executive positions in other major public companies. Our management team also has substantial experience acquiring and integrating assets and companies that complement our portfolio of products and services. Our Business Strategy Approximately 85 of our revenues are generated from energy infrastructure and oilfield equipment spending. We intend to
capitalize on the expected long-term global growth in energy infrastructure and oilfield equipment investment, especially related to natural gas, by growing our energy-oriented businesses both organically and by acquisitions. We specifically intend
to: Increase Our Global Presence. The percentage
of our revenues from outside the United States has grown from approximately 50 in 2001 to 62 in 2004. Our customers are increasingly operating on a global basis, and we plan to continue to pursue new international opportunities and significantly
expand our presence in key 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

international growth markets, such as Brazil, China, Russia and West Africa, where energy infrastructure investment capital is expected to grow. We plan to
broaden our international presence through both organic expansion and acquisitions. Our purchase in June 2004 of the distribution business of Nuovo Pignone S.p.A. reflects this strategy. Develop New and Innovative Products. We believe that continued product innovation will provide us with
significant opportunities to increase revenues from both new product sales and upgrades to our installed base of products. Many of the products with innovative technology that lower operating costs, improve convenience and increase reliability and
performance often generate higher margins than more conventional products. For example, our recently developed next generation SVI smart positioner, which controls a valve s position in accordance with a signal from a control system, and Valvue
software suite, a software interface that configures, calibrates and provides valve diagnostics, provide value-added solutions for our control valve customers. Installed on new control valves or retrofitted to valves in place, these products improve
process control and yields, decrease operating costs through more effective, predictive and preventative maintenance and lower automation costs by allowing distributed control of SVI-equipped valves. We plan to continue developing innovative
products and have invested 74.7 million on research and development over the last three fiscal years. Continued Focus on Operational Efficiency. We will continue to focus on operational efficiency in order to improve our earnings, cash flow
and return on capital employed. To improve productivity, we implemented a variety of operational performance improvement strategies, including lean manufacturing, just-in-time process re-engineering Six Sigma process improvement programs, and
enhanced supply chain management. Beginning in 2002, we initiated restructuring programs affecting several of our business units to drive manufacturing efficiencies and cost savings. Since 2002, we have eliminated five manufacturing facilities
through consolidations, outsourced manufacturing at one additional site and eliminated approximately 700 employees through reductions in workforce. We have increased our focus on product improvement and component standardization, which is the
foundation of our facility s optimization efforts. We have also improved global procurement by increasing coordination among our business units and increasing outsourcing of non-core manufacturing functions. As a result, we have increased
revenue per employee from 181,300 in 2001 to 225,900 in 2004 and annual inventory turns from 3.1 times per annum in 2001 to 3.9 times per annum in 2004. We believe that these efforts, together with our continued focus on operational efficiency,
will result in improved margins and cash flow in the future. Selectively Pursue Acquisitions. Since our leveraged recapitalization in April 2001, we have acquired several assets and companies in transactions with costs of up to 165 million. We intend to continue our disciplined pursuit
of acquisition opportunities that fit our business strategy. We expect to make acquisitions within the energy sector that add new products or technologies to our portfolio, provide us with access to new markets or enhance our current market
positions. Our Sponsors We are controlled by DEG Acquisitions, LLC, an entity owned by private
equity funds managed by First Reserve Corporation and Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC. As of December 31, 2004, the First Reserve and Odyssey funds, through DEG Acquisitions, LLC, indirectly owned 88.48 of our common stock. The First Reserve and Odyssey funds acquired their interests in DEG
Acquisitions, LLC in connection with a recapitalization of our business in April 2001 under its prior owner, Halliburton Company. In January 2001, Halliburton Company, together with its wholly owned subsidiary, Dresser B.V. entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Recapitalization with DEG Acquisitions, LLC in order to effect the recapitalization of its business relating to, among other things, the design, manufacture and marketing of flow control, measurement systems and compression and power
systems. The recapitalization was accomplished through a reorganization of various legal entities that comprised the Dresser Equipment Group segment of Halliburton. Halliburton originally acquired our businesses as part of its acquisition of Dresser
Industries, Inc. in 1998. Dresser Industries operations consisted of certain of our current business and certain other operating units that were retained by Halliburton. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with the recapitalization transactions in April 2001, we entered into an Investor Rights
Agreement with DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Halliburton and our other stockholders. Additionally, in connection with the recapitalization transactions in April 2001, we entered into a Sponsor Rights Agreement with affiliates of the First Reserve and
Odyssey funds. Our obligations under both the Investor Rights Agreement and Sponsor Rights Agreement were assigned to Dresser, Ltd. on July 3, 2002. In connection with the planned initial public offering of our common stock, we intend to assume the
obligations of Dresser, Ltd. and amend both the Investor Rights Agreement and Sponsor Rights Agreement. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions for a description of the Investor Rights Agreement and the Sponsor Rights
Agreement. First Reserve was one of the first private equity
firms to actively pursue building a broadly diversified portfolio within the energy industry. First Reserve currently manages four active private equity funds with aggregate committed capital of 4.7 billion and has made investments totaling over
 2.7 billion in more than 80 principal transactions (in core holdings), and over 200 add-on acquisitions with its core companies. First Reserve invests solely in the energy industry and focuses its activities on energy services and manufacturing
businesses similar to Dresser. First Reserve has managed this family of investment funds since 1983 and has a management team with over 250 years of collective energy investment experience. Other past and present public First Reserve portfolio
companies include Pride International, Inc., Weatherford International Ltd., Quanta Services Inc., National-Oilwell, Inc., Superior Energy Services, Inc., Cal Dive International, Inc., Chicago Bridge Iron N.V. and Maverick Tube Corporation.
 Odyssey, which is based in New York, is a leading
middle-market private equity fund with more than 1.0 billion under management. Odyssey focuses on companies in the industrial, business services and financial services sectors. The principals of Odyssey collectively have over 80 years of private
equity experience with companies such as Williams Scotsman, Inc., TransDigm, Inc., Monarch Marking Systems, Inc., Western Wireless Corp., Dayton Superior Corporation, United Site Services, Inc., Aviation Technologies, Inc. and Pro Mach, Inc.
Technologies, Inc. Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC is the successor firm to the private equity activities of Odyssey Partners, LP, which was founded in 1982. Its current fund has over 760 million of committed capital. Products and Services We have three business segments: flow control, measurement systems, and compression and power systems. Our businesses are
organized around the products and services provided to the customers they serve. The flow control segment consists of valve, actuator, instruments, meters, regulators, and piping specialties product lines. We have aggregated these product lines into
this segment as we believe these product lines are similar in nature, have similar economic characteristics, serve the same type or class of customer and have similar distribution and production processes. Measurement systems primarily reflects the
results of our retail fueling product line. The compression and power systems segment reports the results of our natural gas engine and industrial blower product lines. For additional discussion of our business segments, see Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. For our segment operating results, identifiable assets and geographic information, see Item 8. Financial Statements Note 19. Segment
Information, which is incorporated herein by reference. Flow
Control Our flow control segment manufactures on/off
valves, control valves, pressure relief valves and actuators. We serve the oil and gas production, transportation, storage, refining, petrochemical and power generation sectors of the energy industry. We believe we produce one of the most complete
valve product lines for the energy infrastructure industry, including both standard and customized product offerings. In addition, our technical expertise and product knowledge allow us to be one of a few global vendors who can meet the needs of our
most demanding energy customers, including products specially designed for deep-water and severe service applications. Our valve products compete at unit price levels up to approximately 1 million. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to valve products, our flow control segment also designs, manufactures and markets five other
primary product lines: meters, instruments, pressure regulators, integrated flow systems and piping specialties. Demand for these products is driven primarily by natural gas consumption and infrastructure spending in the hydrocarbon and chemical
process industries. We expect that customer trends such as integration of information technology systems with smart equipment and increased outsourcing of metering and monitoring services will drive demand in this market. Historically, demand for our flow control products has been driven by the
performance of the energy industry and in particular by energy infrastructure spending. Demand for valve products has therefore been greatest in industrialized nations throughout North America and Europe. In the future, we expect growth will
primarily be driven by upgrading existing products, the development of new applications and increasing demand in developing regions such as Latin America, Asia and West Africa. Demand for meters, instruments, integrated flow systems and piping
specialties has historically been strongest in North America and Europe, with future growth expected in Latin America, Asia and the Middle East as industrialization continues. Our on/off valves, which are sold under the Control Seal, Grove, Ledeen, Ring-O, TK, Tom Wheatley, Wheatley and Texsteam
brand names, are typically used in applications that either require flow to be completely on or off or have limited flow adjustment capabilities. Included in this category are ball, gate, check and plug valves. We have designed and patented hundreds
of specialized on/off valve products. Among other new product development programs, we are designing subsea ball and check valves for deep-water oil and gas development, severe service valves, liquefied natural gas valves and more cost-effective
rising-stem ball valves. Many of these valves are custom manufactured from specialty materials to handle the demanding environments in which they will be used and to meet our customers stringent specifications. Demand for our on/off valves is
generally driven by development of oil and natural gas reserves as well as pipeline construction. Our control valves, which are marketed under the Masoneilan and Becker Precision Equipment (BPE) brands, are used primarily in applications requiring
continuous and accurate process control in gas, steam, air and liquid applications. Our control valves regulate flow and in many cases ultimately control process temperature, pressure or the level of liquids in vessels or tanks. Through our
advancements in valve-mounted, microprocessor-based smart instrumentation and associated software, our customers can remotely monitor and diagnose valve performance and valve/instrument health to enhance control performance and predict
or prevent maintenance needs. We believe these improvements in process control and the resultant reduced downtime provide customers with process yield improvements and reductions in maintenance cost. Our control valve solutions serve a wide range of
industries, including electrical power generation, hydrocarbon exploration and production, oil and gas processing and refining, petrochemical, chemical, food and beverage, pulp and paper, biotech, pharmaceutical, mining and aerospace. Pressure relief valves, including both safety and safety relief valve types,
are used to protect process equipment from excessive pressure. We sell our pressure relief valves to the power generation, oil and gas, and refining and petrochemical industries under the Consolidated brand name. We are developing new products for
use in growing applications, including enhanced pilot operated safety valves for use in offshore and liquefied natural gas applications. Meters, pressure regulators and piping specialties, which are sold primarily to customers in the natural gas industry under the Roots, Mooney and Dresser
brand names, are used for volume measurement and pressure regulation. These products are sold at prices ranging from approximately 400 to over 82,500 per unit. We sell complete, integrated natural gas control stations that can be used by a utility
to regulate distribution of low-pressure natural gas from high-pressure transmission pipelines. These control stations typically combine a number of our products such as valves, meters, pressure sensors and regulators into a complete system
solution. Instrument products consist primarily of pressure
and temperature instrumentation manufactured for oil and gas, refining, chemical, industrial and commercial customers worldwide. These products are used by our customers to monitor pressure, temperature, pH levels, and flow rates of gases and
liquids. Our key instrument brands and 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

related products are Ashcroft pressure and temperature instruments, Heise precision testing and calibration devices and digital and analog transducers, Ebro
portable electronic instruments and Ashcroft utility gauges, which are designed specifically for high reliability of service. Our instrument products compete at price levels up to approximately 5,500 per unit. This product line has significant
exposure to industries outside of energy. Our flow control
segment s other products include Texsteam branded chemical injection pumps and industrial electric actuators. Our Ledeen actuator products, which are used to control valve movement, are often sold in packages for use with our other products,
such as our surface and subsea actuators used in conjunction with our on/off valve technology. In November 2005, we sold our on/off valves and instruments product lines. See Recent Developments above and Item 8. Financial Statements Note 9. Acquisitions and Dispositions for additional
information. Measurement Systems Our measurement systems segment consists of retail fueling, where we believe
we are a leading supplier of fuel dispensers, pumps, peripherals, point-of-sale and site monitoring systems and software for the retail fueling industry. In March 2003, we acquired certain retail fuel dispenser and point of sale system assets of
Tokheim North America and its MSI business unit for 15.0 million. We have substantially integrated these assets into our Wayne business unit. In June 2004, we completed the purchase of the distribution business of Nuovo Pignone S.p.A., a European
subsidiary of General Electric Company, for approximately 165 million in cash. This acquisition is expected to substantially improve our market share in retail fueling systems, be complementary from a customer, product and geographical perspective
and provide us with substantial cost saving opportunities. Capital spending is the primary driver of demand in our measurement systems segment. That spending is driven by commodity price levels, legislative mandates, such as tightening vapor recovery standards and other environmental regulations,
and technological innovations, such as improved convenience, metering and other features. Over the last few years, many of our major and national oil and gas company customers have delayed upgrading or replacing their equipment. Given currently high
oil and gas price levels, product innovations and legislative mandates, we expect demand for our systems to increase as customers make investments to upgrade, re-brand or replace equipment, to introduce new customer convenience features, to support
new marketing initiatives and to comply with government regulations. We also expect increased automobile sales in the developing economies to drive growth in this segment. According to the China Communication Ministry s Forum 2010 China Automotive Forecast, China s automobile count is
expected to grow from its current 2005 level of approximately 20 million to over 140 million by 2020. We also expect significant growth in other areas of Asia, Russia and Latin America. We have been successful in recent tenders for dispensers in
these areas. We expect high volume retailers, such as
Sam s Club, Kroger and Safeway, to continue to be a source of growth. They have entered the domestic retail fuel market, generating demand for new equipment, software and service. These retailers typically utilize twice as many fuel dispensers
per location as traditional retail fueling stations and represent a fast growing segment of the U.S. market. Our core product line consists of four fuel dispenser lines: Ovation, Global Century, VISTA and Global Star. Our fuel dispenser designs support single and
multiple hose configurations that can measure and dispense dedicated or blended fuel. Our fuel dispensing platforms can be expanded to include card processing terminals, cash acceptors, bar code scanners, radio frequency identification payment
systems, keypads, printers and graphic displays to allow consumers to purchase and pay for fuel and other items at the pump. In addition, our dispensers are usually designed and graphically detailed in collaboration with our customers to meet their
precise image standards. Our retail fuel dispensers range in price from approximately 2,800 to over 15,000 per unit. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We also design and market self-service control and point-of-sale systems for the retail fueling industry.
These enterprise software solutions are designed to support our retail customers efforts to improve back office efficiency and record keeping, reduce labor hours and improve retail margins. For example, our Nucleus system, which is an open
architecture, PC based point-of-sale system, is designed to support larger convenience store formats that feature a wide selection of in-store merchandise and services. As the hub of all store operations, the Nucleus system interfaces with a wide
variety of peripherals and systems, enabling cashiers and managers to monitor and manage store operations efficiently. The Nucleus system also supports back office functions including inventory control, price book management, employee management and
site administration. In addition, we were one of the first to introduce a fully integrated point-of-sale system that combined the functionality of a self-service control console, electronic cash acceptor and card processing system into a single
countertop terminal called the Wayne Plus/3 terminal. Our software systems range in price from approximately 7,000 to over 16,000. Major oil company point of sale rollouts have been completed in 2004 at ExxonMobil and in 2005 for Chevron and
Sunoco in the United States. We have marketed our retail fuel
systems for approximately 100 years under the Wayne brand. As an industry pioneer, we were the first to introduce self-service consoles and fuel blending dispensers to service stations. More recently, we introduced the first in-pump card readers and
cash acceptors, the first use of microcomputers in fuel processing systems, the first in-pump radio frequency identification payment systems such as Speedpass (a registered trademark of ExxonMobil Oil Corporation) and the first dispenser mounted
touch screen payment/communication systems. We also produce regulatory agency approved vapor recovery systems that reduce gasoline vapor emissions into the atmosphere during the fueling process. We continue to develop and market innovative
technologies that allow our customers to reduce costs, increase throughput and improve profits at their locations. In connection with our product development initiatives, we have entered into a number of important strategic alliances with technology partners to enhance
and broaden our retail product offerings. For example, our alliance with Texas Instruments was important in our development of advanced pay-at-the-pump technologies, including Speedpass, which allows consumers to buy fuel with the wave of a radio
frequency key fob. In order to help our customers derive
maximum value from their investment in our retail fuel solutions, we offer a comprehensive suite of services. These services include product rollout management, installation, user training and 24/7 onsite maintenance, repair and helpdesk support.
Onsite services are provided by a mix of our own field support technicians and independent service organizations. All field support technicians and independent service organizations receive ongoing technical training and carry an extensive inventory
of service parts and diagnostic equipment. These services provide a recurring revenue stream and attractive margins and provide us improved insights into our customers fuel dispensing needs. We expect the expansion of our service business to
be another source of growth. Compression and Power Systems
 In our compression and power systems segment, we
believe we are a leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of natural gas fueled engines. Our engines are used primarily for natural gas compression and distributed power generation. Most natural gas compression applications involve
pressurizing gas for delivery from one point to another, typically from lower pressure wells to higher pressure gathering and pipeline systems. Compression is also used to re-inject natural gas into oil wells to help lift liquids to the surface and
to inject gas into underground reservoirs. Distributed power generation is the use of onsite electric generators for primary, supplemental or back-up power in areas where existing power sources are unreliable or costly. Our product offering ranges
from 85 to 4,500 horsepower (60 to 3,400 kilowatt brake) engines and power generation packages with a base wholesale price range of approximately 30,000 to 1,200,000. We also manufacture positive displacement blowers and centrifugal compressors covering air and gas applications requiring
inlet vacuum levels to 27 Hg (inches of mercury on an atmospheric pressure gauge) and 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

discharge pressures to 40 psig, or pounds per square inch, as indicated on a pressure gauge. Flow rates range varies from 2 cubic feet per minute to 350,000
cubic feet per minute. Our power systems and compression
products are sold under the Waukesha and Roots brand names both directly to end-users and through a network of independent distributors worldwide. Long-term demand for our compression and power system products is primarily a function of worldwide energy consumption and infrastructure spending. Gas
compression demand is driven predominantly by natural gas exploration and production expenditures. The EIA projects that natural gas will be the fastest growing primary energy source, with global energy consumption growing at a 1.8 compound annual
rate from 2001 to 2025. Meeting this demand growth will require investment in gas exploration and development investment, which the IEA expects to total 1.7 trillion between 2001 and 2030. We view distributed power generation as another revenue growth opportunity.
We believe favorable environmental characteristics of natural gas compared to other energy sources and the relatively wide dispersion of gas reserves throughout the world will increase its use in power generation. The need for clean 
power for high tech equipment, uncertainty about electrical utility deregulation and lack of infrastructure in underdeveloped nations are potential sources for growth in demand. We believe improved infrastructure for developing nations will also
drive our blower business growth in the future, especially in waste water treatment and power generation applications. We believe we have developed some of the most reliable and durable engines and blowers in our industry. These products provide our customers with low
total cost of ownership through long intervals between overhauls, long-term reliability and predictable service schedules. We typically expect our VHP engine model to operate in excess of 40,000 hours at 98 rated uptime before requiring a major
overhaul. Engine reliability is essential because they are frequently used continuously for long periods of time in mission-critical applications or in remote locations where the cost of failure is extremely high. For example, two of our engines
provide standby power for Chicago s 911 Emergency Communications Center, and seven of our top-of-the-line engines drive compressors at a remote gas storage facility in Aitken Creek, British Columbia. Customers also value our generation engines
for consistency. For example, a significant retail customer disconnected from the electric utility grid, relying on our engines as its sole source of power. We also expect government regulations requiring lower emissions and increased efficiency to
drive growth. The aftermarket in both the natural gas
compression and distributed power generation markets is substantial. Our natural gas engines typically run continuously for years at a time, creating a regular need for maintenance services and replacements parts. Our customers typically spend more
than the initial purchase price of our engines in service, upgrades and maintenance costs over the product s lifetime. We believe we have a large installed base of natural gas fueled industrial engines as a result of our long history. Many
customers prefer OEM (original equipment manufacturer) replacement parts for the more highly engineered components of our engines and are more focused on reliability than price. As a result, our aftermarket parts and services revenues are an
important part of our business. Aftermarket sales represented approximately 44 of our total natural gas engine related revenues in 2004. We believe we currently have a significant market share in aftermarket parts and service. In addition to selling stand-alone engines, we provide our customers with a
variety of services and equipment packages. For example, we offer complete power generation systems (Enginator systems in which we integrate our engines with generators, switchgear and controls manufactured by other vendors in order to deliver a total solution to our customers. We also offer our customers technical training, subcontracted turnkey
installation and field troubleshooting worldwide. On several
of our current engine models, we recently developed and released a state-of-the-art electronic controls platform for high-performance engines referred to as ESM (Engine System Manager). ESM provides control of multiple engine functions necessary to
achieve high efficiency and low emissions required in future 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

engine development. To further engine technology development, we signed a cooperative agreement with the U.S. Department of Energy in 2001. This agreement,
as amended, provides up to 17.8 million in funding through 2007. Manufacturing Our manufacturing processes
generally consist of fabrication, machining, component assembly and testing. Many of our products are designed, manufactured and produced to order and are often built in compliance with specific customer requirements. Our manufacturing operations
are conducted in 44 locations around the world. We typically own the plants and equipment and the underlying real property at our facilities but intend to increasingly lease facilities as we relocate or consolidate manufacturing operations.
 Beginning in 2002, we initiated restructuring programs
affecting several business units in an effort to obtain manufacturing efficiencies and cost savings. In 2002, we discontinued several small product lines and implemented a company-wide reduction in our workforce. In 2003, we eliminated five of our
manufacturing facilities through consolidations and outsourced manufacturing at one additional site. We continue to actively rationalize our manufacturing footprint, which entails combining, closing or relocating some of our facilities. See
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Restructuring and Other Exit Activities . To improve productivity, we are implementing lean manufacturing strategies. Examples of such initiatives include: 

Cellular manufacturing to assemble highly configurable products with a short lead-time. This allows us to quickly adjust to changes in demand for product and allows us a better
production balance within a facility; 

Component standardization to minimize inventories and leverage our global sourcing abilities. Prior to the acquisition of the retail fueling systems business of Nuovo Pignone
S.p.A., approximately 70 of our retail fuel dispenser parts were standard in our manufacturing locations in Texas, Brazil, and Europe; 

Model rationalization to shorten deliveries, minimize supply base and maximize factory efficiencies. For example, we have rationalized variations of seven fuel dispenser models into
five, and six point-of-sale systems models into two in our retail fueling business; 

Just-in-time and line set processing to improve delivery times, provide more ability to custom configure products, and reduce inventories of materials, components, and
work-in-process; and 

Outsourcing of the fabrication of select non-core components, subassemblies and, in some cases, complete products for standardized or non-core products. In 2003, we formed an Operational Excellence group to spearhead our
transition towards becoming a continuous improvement company. The Operational Excellence group started by training our management in lean tools and techniques. This training was designed to educate employees on recognizing waste and non-value added
activities and providing tools to reduce and eliminate the sources of waste. In 2004, the Operational Excellence group began training management and employees in the Six Sigma methodologies. The resultant team of Operational Excellence Specialists
are managing critical process improvement initiatives at most of our business units and we are experiencing positive results. We strive to produce high quality products and are committed to continuous quality and efficiency improvement of our products and processes. To help
achieve our quality goals, we carefully control our manufacturing processes and materials and have satisfied the standards for ISO-9001 certification at most of our manufacturing facilities. The International Organization for Standardization awards
ISO-9001 certification on a facility-by-facility basis to manufacturers who adhere to strict quality standards. Companies must maintain these standards and supply supporting documentation to retain their ISO certification, and certified facilities
are audited regularly. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Raw Materials The main raw materials we use are commodity metals, forgings, castings, fasteners and electronic circuitry. We seek to purchase raw materials globally to
benefit from low cost sources. Substantially all our raw materials are purchased from outside sources and are readily available. However, the availability and prices of raw materials may be subject to curtailment or change due to, among other
things, the supply of, and demand for, such raw materials, new laws or regulations, suppliers allocations to other purchasers, interruptions in production by raw materials or component parts suppliers, changes in exchange rates and worldwide
price levels. For example, along with other consumers of steel and steel-related raw materials, we have recently experienced significant price increases and may experience short-term supply disruptions. See Certain Risk Factors We are
dependent on the availability and pricing of raw materials and components, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such raw materials, at current price levels, or at all. Research and Development We invest in research and development each year in order to maintain our
product leadership positions. We have developed many of the technological and product breakthroughs in our markets and produce some of the most advanced products available in many of our businesses. We believe we have significant opportunities for
growth by developing new products and services that offer our customers greater performance and significant cost savings by adding intelligence and remote communications capabilities. These opportunities include developing smart valves,
new instruments and meters, new retail fuel point-of-sale payment technologies and additional natural gas-fueled engine models operating at greater efficiencies. Potential end-users for these technologies include most of our existing customer base
as well as customers of our competitors. We are also actively
engaged in research and development programs designed to advance the design of products to meet specific functional and economic requirements and manufacturing methods. In particular, we have begun efforts to redesign a number of our products to use
common components. These engineering efforts span many of our businesses. We have also placed special emphasis on ensuring that newly developed products are compatible with, and build upon, our existing manufacturing and marketing capabilities.
 Each of our business segments maintains its own research and
development staff. Our research and development expense was 31.6 million, 21.9 million and 21.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Customer sponsored research and development expense included in those
costs were 2.2 million and 3.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. There were no material customer sponsored research and development expenses in 2002. In September 2004, we acquired several engines and core
technology from Wartsil France SAS for the purpose of advancing the development of new engine designs. Since these items were acquired for a particular research and development project that has no alternative future use, we recognized the
acquisition cost of 12.3 million as research and development expense at the acquisition date. Although we believe current expenditures are adequate to sustain existing product lines, we intend to increase overall research and development spending
over the next several years to develop new product technologies. Sales and
Marketing We market our products and services worldwide
through our established sales presence in over 100 countries and a manufacturing or support facility presence in 20 countries. We believe our proximity to customers has historically been an important sales advantage. Our sales force is comprised of over 400 direct sales and service
representatives and an extensive global network of over 900 independent distributors and over 300 authorized service centers who sell our products and provide service and aftermarket support to our installed base. Due to the long operating history
of our business, many of our distributor relationships are longstanding and exclusive to us. For example, our flow control business is supported by an independent global network of over 100 Green Tag and Masoneilan Authorized 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Repair Centers, the majority of which represent long-term relationships. We also offer training programs for some of our independent distributors, allowing
them to reach increasingly higher levels of certification. Our most highly qualified independent distributors are often able to command higher aftermarket service margins as a result of their expertise and tend to be our most loyal distributors.
Most of our distributor agreements are terminable at any time by either us or the distributor, subject to short notice periods. We believe the performance driven nature of our products has fostered close working relationships with our customers. Our marketing strategy is to
leverage our strong brand reputations and technical expertise to develop new products and achieve qualification and certification as an approved vendor. For example, our measurement systems segment has successfully targeted the high volume retail
market for gasoline in the United States through a systematic marketing and technology development effort, securing significant share of this market. We have worked to enhance our competitive position by aggressively pursuing alliance relationships
with our key customers whereby we work directly with our customers design and engineering departments to develop products to meet specific infrastructure needs or other customer-specific requirements. The compression and power systems segment
has strategically positioned itself with certain customers in the gas compression market by selling engines directly to them. These customers include four major gas compression packagers and seven medium size packagers. All four of the major
packagers operate gas compressor lease fleets of their own or provide contract compression services. Customers We sell our
products and services to more than 10,000 customers, including most of the world s major oil companies, multinational engineering and construction companies and other Fortune 500 firms. Many of our customers purchase products and services from
each of our three operating segments. Our customer base is geographically diverse, with 47.1 of our 2004 revenues in North America, 30.9 in Europe/Africa, 3.3 in Latin America, 11.7 in Asia and 7.0 in the Middle East. In 2004, our top customers
in terms of revenues, excluding distributors, included BP Amoco Corporation, ChevronTexaco Corporation, ExxonMobil Corporation and Shell Oil Company. Our top ten customers accounted for 16.4 of our revenues in 2004. Our largest customer accounted
for approximately 2.8 of our revenues in 2004. Competition 
 As one of a small group of major competitors in each of our business
lines, we encounter intense competition in all areas of our business. Our businesses typically are characterized by fewer than ten manufacturers that together account for the majority of each market and a large number of smaller competitors who
divide the remainder. The primary bases of competition include product performance, customer service, product lead times, global reach, brand reputation, breadth of product line, quality of aftermarket service and support and price. We believe the
significant capital required to construct new manufacturing facilities; the production volumes required to maintain competitive unit costs; the need to secure a broad range of reliable raw material and intermediate material supplies; the significant
technical knowledge required to develop high performance products, applications and processes, and the need to develop close, integrated relationships with customers serve as disincentives for new market entrants. However, some of our existing
competitors have greater financial and other resources than our businesses. Intellectual Property We rely on a
combination of patents, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements and license arrangements to protect our intellectual property. We sell most of our products under a number of registered
trademarks which we believe are widely recognized in the industry. In addition, many of our products and technologies are protected by patents. No single patent, trademark or trade name is material to our business as a whole or to any one of our
business segments. We anticipate we will apply for additional patents in the future as we develop new products and processes. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Any issued patents that cover our proprietary technology may not provide us with substantial protection
or be commercially beneficial to us. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability. Our competitors may also be able to design around our patents. If we are unable to protect our patented technologies, our
competitors could commercialize our technologies. With respect
to proprietary know-how, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements. Monitoring the unauthorized use of our technology is difficult, and the steps we have taken may not prevent unauthorized use of our technology. The
disclosure or misappropriation of our intellectual property could harm our ability to protect our rights and our competitive position. Employees We had approximately 8,800 employees worldwide as of December 31, 2004. Approximately 2,600 of our employees are located in our on/off valves and
instruments product lines, which we sold in November 2005. See Recent Developments above. Of our employees, approximately 47 were located in the United States and 53 were located outside the United States. Approximately 32 of our
employees in the United States are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We have long-term labor agreements with United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, Local Union 470 in Massachusetts; United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of
America Union Local 1118 in Indiana; International Association of Machinists Aerospace Workers, AFL-CIO, District 10 in Wisconsin; International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen, Local 145 in Connecticut; International
Association of Machinists Aerospace Workers, AFL-CIO, Local 1644 in Pennsylvania; and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, AFL-CIO, Local 2518 in Alexandria, Louisiana. In addition, we have two office union labor
agreements, one with Office Professional Employees International Union on behalf of Local 465 in Alexandria, Louisiana, and one with International Brotherhood of Teamsters and Chauffeurs, Warehousemen Local 145 in Stratford, Connecticut. Of
these agreements, one expires in 2006, five expire in 2008, one expires in 2009 and one expires in 2011. In May 2003, our labor agreement with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, District 10 at our Waukesha, Wisconsin
manufacturing plant expired, and we failed to reach agreement on a new labor contract at that time. The bargaining unit voted in favor of a strike on May 2, 2003. On July 23, 2003, we announced the signing of a new three-year labor agreement, and
our union shop employees resumed work on July 28, 2003. This strike had a material adverse impact on our results of operations in the second and third quarters of 2003, which were somewhat mitigated in the fourth quarter through a reduction in
backlog. Additionally, one of our other bargaining agreements expired in November 2003. On November 7, 2003, members of that bargaining unit voted in favor of a strike that commenced on that date. On November 9, 2003, a new labor agreement was
signed, and employees returned to work on November 10, 2003. This strike had no effect on our results of operations. See Certain Risk Factors Our business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements. 
 Environmental Matters Our businesses and some of our products are subject to regulation under
various and changing federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the environment and to employee safety and health. These environmental laws and regulations govern the generation, storage, transportation, handling, disposal
and emission of various regulated substances. These environmental laws also impose liability for personal injury or property damage related to releases of hazardous substances. Under environmental laws, permits are required for operation of our
businesses, and these permits are subject to renewal, modification and, in certain circumstances, revocation. We believe we are substantially in compliance with these laws and permitting requirements. Various and changing environmental laws allow
regulatory authorities and private parties to compel, or seek reimbursement for, cleanup of environmental contamination at sites now or formerly owned or operated by our businesses and at facilities where our waste is or has been disposed.
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 As a result, we spend money each year assessing and remediating contaminated properties to avoid future
liabilities, assess and comply with legal and regulatory requirements, minimize pollution costs, or respond to claims by third parties. Several such sites are currently being investigated and/or remediated under applicable environmental law. While
we do not expect that the costs for such activities will be, in the aggregate, material, and also believe that the Halliburton indemnity (discussed below) will provide coverage for many of these costs, we have set aside reserves for these costs.
However, in the event that we were to incur these costs ourselves, these reserves may not fully cover the costs of such investigation and/or remediation. Going forward, we expect to incur ongoing capital and operating costs for investigation and
remediation and to maintain compliance with currently applicable environmental laws and regulations; however, we do not expect those costs, in the aggregate, to be material. Available Information Our internet address is www.dresser.com. We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC ), and we make available free of charge our SEC filings through our internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these matters with the SEC. You may access these SEC files via
the hyperlink that we provide on our website. Certain Risk Factors
 Set forth below are important risks and uncertainties
that could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by our management. We have a history of net losses, and we may not become profitable or sustain
profitability in the future. Since 2001, we have had
a history of net losses. During 2004, 2003, 2002 and 2001, we reported net losses of approximately 63.9 million, 37.9 million, 10.8 million and 45.9 million, respectively. At December 31, 2004, we had an accumulated stockholders 
deficit of 326.4 million. We cannot assure you that we will achieve profitability in the future. If we continue to incur net losses, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our customers businesses are cyclical in nature, and our business and
operating results could be harmed during economic or industry downturns. The businesses of most of our customers, particularly oil, gas and engineering and construction companies, are, to varying degrees, cyclical and have historically experienced periodic downturns. Profitability in those
industries is highly sensitive to supply and demand cycles and volatile product prices, and our customers in those industries historically have tended to delay large capital projects, including expensive maintenance and upgrades, during industry
downturns. These industry downturns have been characterized by diminished product demand, excess manufacturing capacity and subsequent accelerated erosion of average selling prices. Therefore, any significant downturn in our customers markets
or in general economic conditions could result in a reduction in demand for our products and services and could harm our operating results. For example, in 2001 and 2002 we experienced the effects of a contracting global economy, which resulted in
lower capital expenditures by our customers, which, in turn, adversely affected demand for and pricing of our products and services. In addition, because we only compete in some segments of the energy infrastructure and oilfield equipment
industries, a downturn in the specific segments we serve may affect us more severely than our competitors who compete in the industry as a whole. Currently, oil and gas prices are high and our oil company customers are experiencing increased profitability, resulting in a high level of demand for our
products. The current level of oil and gas prices may not continue, and the results of any future industry downturns may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The loss of any of our large customers, or class of customers, or failure to win national, regional and global
contracts from an existing customer, could reduce our cash flow, market share and profits. During 2004, our largest customer represented approximately 2.8 of our total revenues, and our top ten customers collectively represented approximately
16.4 of our total revenues. The loss of any of these customers, or class of customers, or decreases in these customers capital expenditures, could decrease our cash flow, market share and profits. As a result of industry consolidation,
especially among natural gas compression and major oil companies, our largest customers have become larger and, as a result, account for a greater percentage of our sales. We could also lose a large customer as a result of a merger or consolidation.
Major oil companies and national oil companies have moved toward creating alliances and preferred supplier relationships with suppliers. In addition, these customers are increasingly pursuing arrangements with suppliers that can meet a larger
portion of their needs on a more global basis. Typically, a customer can terminate these arrangements at any time. The loss of a customer, or the award of a contract to a competitor, could significantly reduce our cash flow, market share and
profits. The sales of our on/off valves product line could
impact our ability to maintain relationships with our current customers or attract new customers because our on/off valves product line gave us the ability to provide a comprehensive suite of valve products to our customers. We face intense competition in our industry. Increasing competition and consolidation
could require us to adjust the prices of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and our ability to develop new and competitive products. We encounter intense competition in all areas of our business. Some of our
competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Competition in our primary business segments is based on a number of considerations including product performance, customer service, product lead times, global reach, brand
reputation, breadth of product line, quality of aftermarket service and support and price. Additionally, customers for our products are attempting to reduce the number of vendors from which they purchase in order to increase their efficiency. Our
customers increasingly demand more technologically advanced and integrated products, and we must continue to develop our expertise and technical capabilities in order to manufacture and market these products successfully. To remain competitive, we
will need to invest continuously in research and development, manufacturing, marketing, customer service and support and our distribution networks. We believe that in order to maintain our competitiveness, we need to continue to focus on increasing
operational efficiency. This focus includes our ongoing initiatives to increase manufacturing efficiencies, improve supply chain capabilities, reduce scrap and rework, consolidate raw material sources, increase global procurement and improve working
capital efficiency. We may have to adjust the prices of some of our products to stay competitive, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient resources to continue
to make such investments, achieve our stated objectives or maintain our competitive position. We have experienced material weaknesses in our internal controls. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results and our management
may not be able to provide its report on the effectiveness of our internal controls as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Management and our independent registered public accounting firm have identified material weaknesses regarding elements of our internal control over
financial reporting. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s Auditing Standard No. 2 defines a material weakness as a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that
a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. As a result of these material weaknesses, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2004, the
end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Overall six material weaknesses have been identified and are described in detail in Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures. We have taken and continue to take steps to correct these material weaknesses. The efficacy of the steps we have taken to date and the steps we are still in the process of taking to improve the reliability of our
interim financial statements is subject to continued management review supported by confirmation and testing by our internal auditors, as well as audit committee oversight. We cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and
maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could harm our operating results or cause us to fail
to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will not in the future identify further material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that we have not discovered to
date. Beginning with the year ending December 31, 2007, under our current filing status, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management will be required to deliver a report that assesses the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting, and we will be required to deliver an attestation report of our auditors on management s assessment of and operating effectiveness of internal controls. Should we issue public equity prior to July 1, 2006, and
otherwise satisfy the definition of accelerated filer under applicable SEC rules, we will be required to be in compliance with Section 404 by December 31, 2006. We have substantial efforts ahead of us to complete documentation of our
internal control system and financial processes, design and assessment of our information systems, remediation of control deficiencies identified in these efforts and management testing of the design and operation of our internal controls. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to complete the required management assessment by our reporting deadline. An inability to complete and document this assessment could result in a scope limitation qualification or a scope limitation disclaimer by our
auditors on their attestation of our internal controls. In addition, one of our material weaknesses relates to our internal control over our financial organization, including inadequate accounting policies, procedures, training, experience,
communication and oversight. As a result, we are not able to conclude that our internal controls over financial accounting and reporting are effective, which could result in the inability of our external auditors to deliver an unqualified report, or
any report, on our internal controls. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities. If we are found in violation of Commerce and Treasury Department regulations
restricting dealings with sanctioned countries, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business or our ability to do business outside the United States. In April 2004, we received allegations that the Dubai branch of one of our
U.S. subsidiaries may have engaged in transactions involving the sale of control valves and related parts to Iraq without required authorization. Upon initial investigation, we found transactions by the branch relating to Iraq, Iran and Sudan that
appeared to have been undertaken without the required prior U.S. governmental authorizations. A short time after the Dubai branch investigation commenced, we expanded the investigation to include other Dresser affiliates that since January 1999 may
have engaged in transactions relating to U.S.-sanctioned countries (including those countries already mentioned, Libya (prior to April 2004), Cuba and Syria (since mid-May 2004)) to determine whether there were any other violations of U.S. laws
related to export controls and economic sanctions. The investigation was completed and voluntary disclosures to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments were made in late April 2005. The investigation identified a significant number of sales by
certain of our foreign affiliates to sanctioned countries (in addition to the sales by the Dubai branch) that appear to have been performed without required U.S. government authorization. In response to the foregoing, we have undertaken and are continuing to implement a comprehensive remedial program that is
designed to prevent further unlawful transactions by our foreign subsidiaries and branches, and unlawful facilitations by U.S. persons of otherwise legal transactions by our foreign subsidiaries, involving sanctioned countries. While our foreign
subsidiaries may lawfully conduct business with sanctioned countries (other than Cuba), pursuant to a recently adopted company-wide policy they will no longer be permitted to accept new business (other than such business as they are contractually
obligated to undertake in compliance with U.S. laws) intended to or for Iran or Sudan. We have also adopted a requirement that the U.S. export/import compliance and/or legal department conduct a review of all proposed transactions by our foreign
subsidiaries relating to sanctioned countries to determine whether such sales are consistent with the new policy 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

and in compliance with applicable U.S. laws. In addition, we have issued further guidance and provided additional training to our employees concerning the
application of U.S. foreign trade controls, and we have reorganized our management team that oversees compliance with these controls. Primary responsibility for overseeing such compliance resides with a newly created corporate officer position
titled Executive Vice President, Ethics and Compliance, which reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer and to the Audit Committee. We have also established the position of Corporate Export/Import Compliance Director, reporting directly to the
new Executive Vice President. At each business unit, compliance managers and export/import compliance managers have also been appointed. These business unit managers report to the new Executive Vice President and the new Corporate Export /Import
Compliance Director, respectively. We are also taking appropriate disciplinary action against personnel who failed to meet their obligations under company-wide policy or otherwise engaged in wrongful conduct. While our investigation has been completed, and voluntary disclosure reports
have been submitted to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments, it remains unclear as to what extent the various activities reported to these government agencies violate U.S. export control and economic sanctions regulations and what penalties
the government agencies may seek to impose for conduct that is found to be unlawful. Accordingly, we are unable to determine at this time the extent of violations or the nature or size of the penalties to which we may be subject as a result of any
unauthorized dealings with U.S.-sanctioned countries. If we are found to be in violation of the applicable U.S. Commerce and Treasury department regulations restricting dealings with Iran, Sudan and Cuba (and in the past, Iraq and Libya), we could
be subject to civil or criminal penalties, including fines and/or suspension of the privilege to engage in export trading or to have our foreign affiliates receive U.S.-origin goods, software or technology. We believe that a loss in connection with this matter is probable and
currently estimate our minimum probable liability to be approximately 0.8 million, which we recorded as a reserve in the fourth quarter of 2004. Given that the resolution of these issues is inherently uncertain at this time, we are not able to
reasonably estimate the maximum amount or a meaningful range of probable or reasonably likely liability that could result from an adverse resolution of this matter or any related private causes of action that may arise. Since the U.S. Commerce
and Treasury departments could impose aggregate penalties in excess of the reserve, and these amounts could be substantial, we cannot currently predict whether the ultimate resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on our
business, including our ability to do business outside the United States, or on our financial condition. In addition, our expenses related to the investigation and remedial actions have been and may continue to be substantial. The majority of our sales occur outside the United States, and economic, political and
other risks or negative events in the international markets where we have sales and operations could adversely affect our ability to transact business in these markets, which could adversely affect our business, revenues and operating results.
 Since we manufacture and sell our products worldwide,
our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. Our sales outside the United States during 2004 were 62 of our total sales for that period. Since 2001, our sales outside the United States as a percentage of our
total sales has increased, and we expect this percentage to continue to increase in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, significant negative events affecting the markets where we operate, or other international markets, could jeopardize or limit
our ability to transact business in the manner we expect, which could adversely affect our business, revenues and operating results. Some of these factors include: 

changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 

exchange controls or other currency restrictions; 

changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic conditions, particularly in emerging markets; 

hyperinflation and adverse economic conditions stemming from governmental attempts to reduce inflation, or deflation; 

tariffs, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 
 22 

Table of Contents 

potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 

difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; 

changing labor regulations; 

requirements relating to withholding taxes on remittances and other payments by non- U.S. subsidiaries; 

different regimes controlling the protection of our intellectual property; 

restrictions on our ability to own or operate subsidiaries, make investments or acquire new businesses in these jurisdictions; 

restrictions on our ability to repatriate dividends from our subsidiaries; and 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements. Our international operations are affected by global economic and political conditions. Changes in economic or political conditions in any of the countries
in which we operate could result in exchange rate movement, new currency or exchange controls or other restrictions being imposed on our operations or expropriation. In addition, the financial condition of foreign customers may not be as strong as
that of our current domestic customers. Fluctuations in the
value of the U.S. dollar may adversely affect our results of operations. Because our financial results are reported in dollars, if we generate sales or earnings in other currencies, the translation of those results into dollars can result in a
significant increase or decrease in the amount of those sales or earnings. In addition, our debt service requirements are primarily in U.S. dollars even though a significant percentage of our cash flow is generated in Euros or other foreign
currencies. Significant changes in the value of the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to meet interest and principal payments on U.S. dollar denominated debt. In 2004,
foreign currency appreciation (particularly the value of the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar) significantly increased our revenues and backlog. In the future, any foreign currency depreciation relative to the U.S. dollar would decrease our revenues
and backlog. In addition to currency translation risks, we
incur currency transaction risks whenever we or one of our subsidiaries enter into a purchase or sales transaction using a currency other than the local currency of the transacting entity. Given the volatility of exchange rates, we cannot assure you
that we will be able to effectively manage our currency transaction and/or translation risks. It is possible that volatility in currency exchange rates will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We have
in the past experienced and expect to continue to experience economic losses and gains and negative and positive impacts on earnings as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, particularly as a result of changes in the value of the
Euro. We expect that the portion of our revenues denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies will continue to increase in future periods. Our expansion in emerging markets requires us to respond to rapid changes in market conditions in these countries. Our overall success as a global
business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social and political conditions. We cannot assure you that we will continue to succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies that are effective in each
location where we do business. We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, or the FCPA, and our failure to comply with the laws and regulations thereunder could result in penalties which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. As a U.S. company, we are subject to the
FCPA, which generally prohibits U.S. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business. Although we make every effort to comply with the FCPA and to ensure that our
employees comply with the FCPA, we cannot assure you that such precautions will protect us against liability under the FCPA, particularly as a result of actions taken in the past, or which may be taken in the future by our agents, employees and
intermediaries for whom we may have exposure under the FCPA. If we are not in compliance with such laws 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

and regulations, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, which may cause harm to our reputation and to our brand names and could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Disruptions and uncertainties caused by war or terrorism, particularly in the Middle East, could adversely affect our ability to transact business in the manner we expect, which could adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. Acts of war and/or acts of
terrorism could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The threat of terrorism and war and heightened security and military response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause
further disruption to the economies of the countries in which we do business and create further uncertainties. Because we operate in the Middle East and continue to have strong development activity there, deterioration of the political climate in
the Middle East could directly impact our facilities and could affect our sales, supply chain, production capability and ability to deliver our products and services to our customers. To the extent that such disruptions or uncertainties result in
delays or cancellations of orders or the manufacture or shipment of our products, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to achieve all of our expected cost savings. Our business plan anticipates cost savings. We may not be able to achieve all of our expected cost savings. A variety of
risks could cause us not to achieve the benefits of the expected cost savings, including, among others, the following: 

higher than expected costs relating to facility consolidations; 

higher than expected severance costs related to headcount reductions; 

delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to our cost-saving plan; and 

other unexpected costs associated with operating our business. If we are not able to apply new technology and software in our products or develop new products to meet our customers needs, we may not be able to generate
new sales. Our success depends, in significant part,
on our ability to develop products and services that customers will accept. We may not be able to develop successful new products in a timely fashion. Our commitment to customizing products to address particular needs of our customers could burden
our resources or delay the delivery or installation of products. If there is a fundamental change in the energy industry, some of our products could become obsolete and we may need to develop new products rapidly. We may be unable to meet our
customers needs or their performance standards. Our products may not be marketed properly or satisfy the needs of the worldwide market in the future. In addition, there is intense competition to establish proprietary rights to these new products and the related technologies. The technology and software
in our products, including electronic components, point-of-sale systems and related products, are growing increasingly sophisticated and expensive. Several of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources
than we do, and have a lower debt burden. These competitors may develop proprietary products that are superior to ours or integrate new technologies more quickly than we do. We may not be able to obtain rights to this technology. We may also face
claims that our products infringe patents that our competitors hold. Any of these factors could harm our relationship with customers and reduce our sales and profits. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Issued patents that cover our proprietary technology may not provide us with substantial protection or be
commercially beneficial to us. Any issued patents
that cover our proprietary technology may not provide us with substantial protection or be commercially beneficial to us. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability. Protecting our intellectual property can
be expensive and may not be cost effective. Competitors may
also be able to design around our patents. If we are unable to protect our patented technologies, our competitors could commercialize our technologies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. The cost of compliance with environmental laws and
regulations and environmental liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition. Our operations and properties are subject to stringent laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including laws and regulations governing
the investigation and cleanup of contaminated properties as well as air emissions, water discharges, waste management and workplace health and safety. Such laws and regulations are constantly changing, are different in every jurisdiction and can
impose substantial fines and sanctions for violations. Further, they may require substantial expenditures for the installation of pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit pollution emissions and/or decrease the likelihood of
accidental hazardous substance releases. We must conform our operations and properties to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in all relevant jurisdictions as these requirements change. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, both operating and capital costs
to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including potentially substantial costs for remediation and investigation of some of our properties (many of which are sites of long-standing manufacturing operations). In addition, new laws and
regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination, the imposition of new clean-up requirements or new claims for property damage or personal injury arising from environmental
matters could require us to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If we are unsuccessful in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements, we could
experience disruptions in our operations. As of
December 31, 2004, we had approximately 8,800 employees. Approximately 32 of our workforce in the United States is represented by labor unions. Of our eight material collective bargaining agreements, one will expire in 2006, five will expire in
2008, one will expire in 2009 and one will expire in 2011. Although we believe that our relations with our employees are generally good, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements. The
renegotiation of our existing collective bargaining agreements could result in significant increases in our labor costs. In addition, a breakdown in such negotiations could result in the disruption of our operations, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, in May 2003, our labor agreement with the International Association of Machinists Aerospace Workers, AFL-CIO District 10 at our Waukesha, Wisconsin
manufacturing plant expired, and we failed to reach agreement on a new labor contract at that time. The bargaining unit voted in favor of a strike on May 2, 2003. On July 23, 2003, we announced the signing of a new three-year labor agreement, and
our union shop employees resumed work on July 28, 2003. The strike had a material adverse impact on our results of operations in the second and third quarters of 2003. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 If we lose members of our senior management, or if we are unable to attract and retain other qualified personnel,
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. The success of our business is largely dependent on our senior managers, as well as on our ability to attract and retain other qualified personnel. We
have experienced significant management turnover in the past. We cannot assure you that we will be able to attract and retain the personnel necessary for the development of our business. The loss of the services of key personnel or the failure to
attract additional personnel as required could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance on any of our key employees. 
 We rely on a limited number of third party suppliers and subcontractors for many
specific components and sub-assemblies. If our supplies are interrupted, we may not be able to expediently obtain substitute suppliers and subcontractors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. We rely on a limited number of
non-affiliated suppliers and subcontractors for the supply of many specific components and sub-assemblies that are incorporated into our products. As our business has increased, we have recently experienced delays in the delivery of some components
and sub-assemblies. If these suppliers or manufacturers experience financial, operational, manufacturing capacity or quality assurance difficulties, or if there is any disruption in our relationships, we may be required to locate alternative sources
of supply. Our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of these components and sub-assemblies and the relatively long lead time needed to qualify new subcontractors may result in delays in delivery, interruption or delays in manufacturing and the
cancellation of orders for our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent on the availability and pricing of raw materials and components, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such raw materials and
components at current price levels or at all. We
require substantial amounts of raw materials that we purchase from outside sources. Raw materials comprise a significant portion of our total costs. The availability and prices of raw materials may be subject to curtailment or change due to, among
other things, the supply of, and demand for, such raw materials, new laws or regulations, suppliers allocations to other purchasers, interruptions in production by raw materials or component parts suppliers, changes in exchange rates and
worldwide price levels. Any change in the supply of, or price for, these raw materials and components could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Steel and steel related products, for example, account for a significant portion of our raw materials. We have recently
experienced significant price increases and may experience short-term supply disruptions in our supply of steel and steel related products in the future. Fluctuations in steel prices may result from relatively minimal changes in the supply of and
demand for steel, market uncertainties and other factors beyond our control. In addition, contracts with certain of our suppliers are short-term contracts. We cannot assure you that these suppliers will continue to provide raw materials to us at attractive prices, or at all, or that we will be
able to obtain such raw materials in the future from these or other providers on the scale and within the time frames we require. Any failure to obtain such raw materials on a timely basis at an affordable cost, or any significant delays or
interruptions of raw materials, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, certain of our suppliers, in turn, rely on sole or limited sources of supply for components included in their products. Failure of our
suppliers to adjust to meet such increasing demand may prevent them from continuing to supply components in the quantities and the quality and at the times we require, or at all. Our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of sole or limited
source components or to develop alternative sources if required could result in delays and increased costs in the expansion of our operations or our inability to properly maintain our existing level of operations. Such occurrences would have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We rely in part, on independent distributors to sell our products and provide direct service and aftermarket
support to our customers. Our arrangements with these distributors are not exclusive and may be canceled on short notice. In addition to our own direct sales force, we depend on the services of independent distributors to sell our products and provide service and aftermarket
support to our customers. Many of these independent distributors are not bound to us by exclusive distribution contracts and may offer products and services that compete with ours to our customers. In addition, the majority of the distribution
contracts we have with these independent distributors are cancelable by the distributor after a short notice period. The loss of a substantial number of these distributors or the decision by many of these distributors to offer competitors 
products to our customers could materially reduce our sales and profits. We are controlled by First Reserve and Odyssey, whose interests may not be aligned with other investors interests. As of December 31, 2004, private equity funds managed by First Reserve and Odyssey, through DEG Acquisitions, LLC, indirectly owned 88.48 of our common
stock. The funds therefore have the power to control the election of our directors, and their interests may not be aligned with our other investors interests. The directors elected by First Reserve and Odyssey will have authority, subject to
the terms of our debt agreements, to issue additional shares of common stock, implement repurchase programs and make other decisions about our common stock. Our business strategy includes the evaluation of selective acquisition opportunities, which may place significant demands on our resources. We may not be successful
in identifying suitable acquisition opportunities, and, if we do identify such opportunities, we may not be able to obtain acceptable financing for the acquisition, reach agreeable terms with acquisition candidates or successfully integrate acquired
businesses. An element of our business strategy is
the acquisition and integration of complementary businesses. We will not be able to acquire other businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain financing on acceptable terms or reach mutually agreeable terms with
acquisition candidates. In addition, to the extent that consolidation becomes more prevalent in our industry, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase to unacceptable levels thereby limiting our ability to grow. We have entered into, and may in the future enter into, joint venture
transactions. These transactions present many of the same risks involved in acquisitions and may also involve the risk that our joint venture partners have economic, business or legal interests that are inconsistent with ours. Our growth through selective acquisitions may place significant demands on
our management and our operational and financial resources. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the diversion of our management s attention from other business concerns, the possibility that current operating and financial systems
and controls may be inadequate to deal with our growth, the possibility of increased leverage or equity dilution and the potential loss of key employees. We also may encounter difficulties in integrating any businesses we may acquire, or have recently acquired, with our existing operations. The success of
these transactions depends on our ability to: 

successfully merge corporate cultures and operational and financial systems and controls; 

realize marketing and cost reduction synergies; and 

as necessary, retain key management members and technical personnel of acquired companies. If we fail to integrate acquired businesses successfully, or to manage our growth, that failure could have a material
adverse effect on our business. Further, we may be unable to maintain or enhance the profitability of any acquired business, consolidate its operations to achieve cost savings or maintain or renew any of its contracts. In 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

addition, there may be liabilities that we fail, or are unable, to discover in the course of performing due diligence investigations on any company that we
may acquire or have recently acquired. Also, there may be additional costs relating to acquisitions including, but not limited to, possible purchase price adjustments. Any of our rights to indemnification from sellers to us, even if obtained, may
not be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset the possible liabilities associated with the business or property acquired. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material
adverse effect on our business. We are a highly leveraged company, and
our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. As of December 31, 2004, we had 1,065.0 million of outstanding long-term indebtedness, including the current portion, 10.7 million of short-term notes and a shareholders deficit of 326.4 million. This level
of indebtedness could have important consequences, including the following: 

it may limit our ability to borrow money or sell stock to fund our working capital, capital expenditures and debt service requirements; 

it may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business; 

we may be more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; 

it may make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our business or the economy; 

a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations could be dedicated to the repayment of our indebtedness and would not be available for other purposes;

there may be a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition if we were unable to service our indebtedness or obtain additional financing, as needed; and

a substantial portion of our indebtedness has variable interest rates and increased interest rates could significantly increase our interest cost and reduce our liquidity.
 Restrictive covenants in our credit facility, the
indenture governing our senior subordinated notes and our senior unsecured term loan facility may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies. Our credit facility, the indenture governing our senior subordinated notes and our senior unsecured term loan facility limit
our ability, among other things, to: 

incur additional indebtedness or contingent obligations; 

pay dividends or make distributions to our stockholders; 

repurchase or redeem our common stock; 

make investments; 

grant liens; 

make capital expenditures; 

enter into transactions with our stockholders and affiliates; 

sell assets; and 

acquire the assets of, or merge or consolidate with, other companies. In addition, our credit facility requires us to maintain certain financial ratios. We may not be able to maintain these ratios. We have in the past sought
and obtained a number of amendments to our credit facility to allow us greater flexibility to maintain these ratios. Covenants in our credit facility may also impair our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to enter into
acquisitions or joint ventures or engage in other favorable business activities, which may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Despite our substantial indebtedness, we may still incur significantly more debt. This could intensify the risks
described above. The terms of our credit facility,
the indenture governing our subordinated notes and our 125 million senior unsecured term loan facility do not prohibit us from incurring significant additional indebtedness in the future, including indebtedness for acquisitions. As of December 31,
2004, we had 43.4 million available for additional borrowing under the revolving credit facility, subject to certain conditions. All borrowings under the credit facility are senior to the notes. To service our indebtedness, will require a significant amount of cash. The ability to
generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures and research and development efforts will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject
to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Based on our current level of operations and anticipated cost savings and operating improvements, we believe our cash flows from operations, available
cash and available borrowings under the credit facility will be adequate to meet our future liquidity needs for at least the next few years. We cannot assure you, however, that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or that currently anticipated cost savings and
operating improvements will be realized on schedule or that future borrowings will be available to us under the credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay or refinance our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. Future
borrowings under our credit facility are conditioned on our continuing compliance with our financial covenants. If we consummate an acquisition, our debt service requirements could increase. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our
indebtedness on or before maturity. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 To service our indebtedness, we rely on cash generated by our foreign and non-wholly-owned subsidiaries. The guarantors of our senior secured credit facility include our
wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. However, our financial statements include both our wholly-owned and non-wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and our foreign subsidiaries. The aggregate revenues for the year ended December 31, 2004 of our
subsidiaries that are not guarantors were 1,028.4 million. As of December 31, 2004, our subsidiaries that are not guarantors held 62 of our total assets. Each of the subsidiary guarantors would be released from its guarantee if we transfer 5 or
more of its voting stock to a third party so that it is no longer wholly-owned, as defined in the governing agreement. The agreement does not restrict our ability to do so. Since a substantial portion of our operations are conducted by foreign and non-wholly-owned subsidiaries, our cash flows and
our ability to service debt, including our ability to pay the interest on and principal of our indebtedness when due, are dependent to a significant extent on interest payments, repayment of intercompany loan principal, cash dividends and
distributions and other transfers of cash from our foreign and non-wholly-owned subsidiaries. In addition, any payment of interest, dividends, distributions, loans or advances by our foreign and non-wholly-owned subsidiaries to us could be subject
to taxation or other restrictions on dividends or repatriation of earnings under applicable local law, monetary transfer restrictions and foreign currency exchange regulations in the jurisdiction in which our foreign subsidiaries operate. Moreover,
payments to us by the foreign and non-wholly-owned subsidiaries may be dependent upon these subsidiaries earnings. Our foreign and non-wholly-owned subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts
due pursuant to our indebtedness, or to make any funds available whether by dividends, loans, distributions or other payments. Any right that we have to receive any 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

assets of any of the foreign subsidiaries upon the liquidation or reorganization of those subsidiaries, and the consequent rights of holders of our debt to
realized proceeds from the sale of any of those subsidiaries assets, will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary s creditors, including trade creditors and holders of debt of that subsidiary. We have substantial NOLs, which may not be available to us if our proposed initial
public offering causes us to experience an ownership change or if we experience an ownership change in the future. As of December 31, 2004 we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of approximately 192.2 million, which are due to expire in the
years 2020 through 2024. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, imposes significant limitations on the utilization of NOLs in the event of an ownership change as defined under section 382 of the Code, which we refer
to as the Section 382 Limitation. The Section 382 Limitation is an annual limitation on the amount of pre-ownership NOLs that a corporation may use to offset its post-ownership change taxable income. The Section 382 Limitation is calculated by
multiplying the value of a corporation s stock immediately before an ownership change by the long-term tax-exempt rate (as published by the Internal Revenue Service). Generally, an ownership change occurs with respect to a corporation if the
aggregate increase in the percentage of stock ownership by value of that corporation by one or more 5 or greater stockholders (including specified groups of shareholders who in the aggregate own at least 5 of that corporation s stock) exceeds
50 percentage points over a three-year testing period. Our proposed initial public offering may result in an ownership change. If that offering causes us to experience an ownership change, our ability to use our NOLs would be subject to the Section
382 Limitation. Moreover, even if our proposed initial public offering does not cause an ownership change, it is possible that as a result of the issuance of common stock pursuant to that offering, combined with the future issuance of new shares of
common stock or sales of common stock by our 5 or greater stockholders or transactions involving our 5 or greater stockholders, we may experience an ownership change in the future, which would cause our NOLs to be subject to the Section 382
Limitation. Material litigation or changes in legislation or regulations
could result in increased costs and restrictions on our ability to conduct our business, which may affect our profitability. During the ordinary course of our business, we are from time to time threatened with, or may become a party to, legal actions and other proceedings. While
we are currently involved in a number of legal proceedings, we believe the results of these proceedings will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on our business, liquidity or financial condition. However, any
material litigation that may arise in the future, and for which we are not indemnified, may materially adversely impact our business, liquidity or financial condition. Our businesses and some of our products are subject to regulation under various and changing federal, state, local and
foreign laws and regulations relating to the environment and to employee safety and health. Changes in legislation and regulations could increase our costs and make it more difficult to achieve our business plan, which could have an adverse effect
on our profitability. We may be faced with unexpected product claims or
regulations, which could require the time and attention of management and require us to pay considerable fines and damages. Because some of our products are used in systems that handle toxic or hazardous substances, a failure of any of our products could have material adverse
consequences, such as significant damage to property or serious personal injury, and alleged failures of certain of our products have resulted in, and in the future could result in, claims against us for product liability, including property damage,
personal injury damage and consequential damages. Further, we may be subject to potentially material liabilities relating to claims alleging personal injury as a result of hazardous substances incorporated into our products. Any such litigation or
claim may cause us to incur substantial costs, divert the attention of our management from our business and subject us to fines and damages, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Our historical financial information may not be comparable to future periods and may not reflect our results of
operations, financial position or cash flows for future periods. The historical financial information included herein for periods prior to our April 2001 recapitalization transaction may not necessarily reflect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows in the
future or the results of operations, financial position and cash flows that would have occurred if we had been a separate, independent entity during the periods presented. The historical financial information for those periods does not fully reflect
the many significant changes that occurred in our capital structure, funding and operations as a result of the recapitalization, our credit facility, our senior subordinated notes or the additional costs to incur in operating as an independent
company. For example, funds required for working capital and other cash needs for those periods were obtained from Halliburton on an interest-free intercompany basis without any debt service requirement. The requirements of complying with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 may strain our resources and divert management attention from operating activities. As a public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
including Section 404, which requires compliance with its provisions by December 31, 2007, under our current filing status. Should we issue public equity before July 1, 2006, and otherwise satisfy the definition of an accelerated filer 
under applicable SEC rules, we would be required to comply with Section 404 by December 31, 2006. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with
respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, corporate governance standards and internal controls over financial reporting. Beginning with the year
ending December 31, 2007, under our current filing status pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management will be required to deliver a report that assesses the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and we
will be required to deliver an attestation report of our auditors on our management s assessment of and operating effectiveness of internal controls. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting, and to ensure our ongoing compliance with public company reporting requirements, significant resources, management oversight and personnel will be devoted to legal, financial and accounting activities.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the documentation and management assessment required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by our reporting deadline. In addition, any such efforts may divert management s attention from
other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public
company experience and technical accounting knowledge, and we cannot assure you that we would be able to do so in a timely fashion. Additionally, we expect that the requirements of complying with public equity company reporting requirements may make it more difficult or more expensive
for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. We may be forced to accept reduced policy limits or coverage, or to incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to
attract and retain qualified people to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently
have an established sales presence in over 100 countries, with manufacturing or customer support facilities in 20 countries. In 2003, we eliminated five of our manufacturing facilities through consolidations and outsourced manufacturing at one
additional site. We plan to continue to seek opportunities to improve our manufacturing operations. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Restructuring and Other Exit
Activities . Our corporate headquarters are located in
Addison, Texas where we lease a 27,000 square foot property. We generally operate our facilities at full capacity, although usage rate among our facilities varies. In order to meet demand in the future, we may need to incur capital expenditure to
increase capacity at various facilities. The 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

following are the locations of our principal facilities, the facility types and their approximate square footage for our industry segments as of December 31,
2004: 

Use 
 
 Leased/ Owned 
 
 Size (Sq. Ft.) 
 
 Location 
 
 Distribution 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Multi- Purpose 
 
 Sales 
 
 Sales/ Service 
 
 Service 
 
 Administrative 

Flow Control: 

Alexandria, Louisiana 

Owned 
 
 304,000 
 
 Anrath, Germany 

Owned 
 
 11,000 
 
 Avon, Massachusetts 

Owned 
 
 136,000 
 
 Baesweiler, Germany 

Owned 
 
 24,000 
 
 Barcelona, Spain 

Leased 
 
 11,000 
 
 Bradford, Pennsylvania 

Owned 
 
 394,000 
 
 Calgary, Canada 

Leased 
 
 9,100 
 
 Cedex, France 

Leased 
 
 9,000 
 
 Chiba, Japan 

Leased 
 
 14,000 
 
 Clute, Texas 

Leased 
 
 7,500 
 
 Coimbatore, India 

Leased 
 
 27,000 
 
 Colico, Italy 

Owned 
 
 177,000 
 
 Conde, France 

Owned 
 
 193,000 
 
 Corpus Christi, Texas 

Leased 
 
 12,000 
 
 Deer Park, Texas 

Leased 
 
 73,000 
 
 Edenvale, South Africa 

Leased 
 
 26,000 
 
 Edmonton, Canada 

Owned 
 
 51,000 
 
 Edmonton, Canada 

Leased 
 
 13,000 
 
 Edmonton, Canada 

Leased 
 
 28,000 
 
 Elk Grove Village, Illinois 

Leased 
 
 51,000 
 
 Hammond, Louisiana 

Owned 
 
 80,000 
 
 Hoogvliet, Netherlands 

Owned 
 
 10,000 
 
 Houston, Texas 

Leased 
 
 367,000 
 
 Houston, Texas (1) 

Owned 
 
 324,000 
 
 Houston, Texas (1) 

Owned 
 
 183,000 
 
 Houston, Texas (1) 

Owned 
 
 53,000 
 
 Houston, Texas 

Leased 
 
 19,000 
 
 Ingolstadt, Germany 

Owned 
 
 65,000 
 
 Jacerei, Brazil 

Owned 
 
 81,000 
 
 Jebel Ali Free Zone, United Arab Emirates 

Leased 
 
 12,000 
 
 Kariwa, Japan 

Owned 
 
 330,000 
 
 Kariwa, Japan 

Leased 
 
 9,000 
 
 Mississauga, Canada 

Leased 
 
 25,000 
 
 Montfoort, Netherlands 

Leased 
 
 32,000 
 
 Montfoort, Netherlands 

Leased 
 
 16,000 
 
 Naples, Italy 

Owned 
 
 364,000 
 
 Newmarket, United Kingdom 

Leased 
 
 24,000 
 
 Panningen, Netherlands 

Leased 
 
 7,000 
 
 Ponca City, Oklahoma 

Leased 
 
 104,000 
 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 

Leased 
 
 20,000 
 
 Sao Caetano do Sul, Brazil 

Owned 
 
 73,000 
 
 Sao Paulo, Brazil 

Leased 
 
 107,000 
 
 Shelton, Connecticut 

Leased 
 
 55,000 
 
 Singapore, Singapore 

Leased 
 
 16,000 
 
 Skelmersdale, United Kingdom 

Leased 
 
 160,000 
 
 Stafford, Texas(1) 

Owned 
 
 185,000 
 
 Stratford, Connecticut 

Owned 
 
 335,000 
 
 Suzhou, China 

Leased 
 
 76,000 
 
 Tlalenpantla, Mexico 

Owned 
 
 30,000 
 
 Viersen, Germany 

Leased 
 
 12,000 
 
 Voghera, Italy 

Owned 
 
 1,327,000 
 
 Voghera, Italy 

Owned 
 
 303,000 

Total 

6,374,600 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Use 
 
 Leased/ Owned 
 
 Size (Sq. Ft.) 
 
 Location 
 
 Distribution 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Multi- Purpose 
 
 Sales 
 
 Sales/ Service 
 
 Service 
 
 Administrative 

Measurement Systems: 

Austin, Texas 

Leased 
 
 191,500 
 
 Austin, Texas 

Owned 
 
 103,000 
 
 Bonnyrigg, United Kingdom 

Owned 
 
 63,000 
 
 Brighton, Canada 

Owned 
 
 27,000 
 
 Brookfield, Illinois 

Leased 
 
 9,000 
 
 Cape Town, South Africa 

Leased 
 
 17,000 
 
 Coconut Creek, Florida 

Leased 
 
 5,000 
 
 Einbeck, Germany 

Owned 
 
 69,000 
 
 Einbeck, Germany 

Owned 
 
 18,000 
 
 Florence, Italy 

Leased 
 
 16,000 
 
 Foerde, Norway 

Leased 
 
 9,000 
 
 Fremont, Indiana 

Owned 
 
 31,000 
 
 Kloten, Switzerland 

Leased 
 
 26,000 
 
 Malmo, Sweden 

Owned 
 
 310,000 
 
 Milan, Italy 

Leased 
 
 18,000 
 
 Ontario, California 

Leased 
 
 6,000 
 
 Rio de Janiero, Brazil 

Owned 
 
 126,000 
 
 Rud, Norway 

Leased 
 
 13,000 
 
 Rimini, Italy 

Leased 
 
 17,000 
 
 Salisbury, Maryland (1) 

Owned 
 
 360,000 
 
 Somersworth, New Hampshire 

Leased 
 
 7,000 
 
 Shanghai, China 

Leased 
 
 46,000 
 
 Talamona, Italy 

Owned 
 
 301,000 

Total 

1,788,500 
 
 Compression and Power: 

Appingedam, Netherlands 

Owned 
 
 85,000 
 
 Connersville, Indiana 

Owned 
 
 283,000 
 
 Houston, Texas 

Leased 
 
 19,000 
 
 Huddersfield, United Kingdom 

Owned 
 
 241,000 
 
 Waukesha, Wisconsin 

Owned 
 
 31,000 
 
 Waukesha, Wisconsin 

Owned 
 
 856,600 

Total 

1,515,600 

(1) 
 Facilities are idle. For a discussion of other facilities that may be consolidated, closed or relocated see Item 7. Management s Discussion of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations Restructuring and Other Exit Activities. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS During
the ordinary course of our business, we are from time to time threatened with, or may become a party to, legal actions and other proceedings. While we are currently involved in a number of legal proceedings, we believe the results of these
proceedings will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on our business, liquidity or financial condition. However, any material litigation that may arise in the future, and for which we are not indemnified, may
materially adversely impact our business, liquidity or financial condition. Export Controls and Economic Sanctions Under Applicable Commerce and Treasury Department Regulations In April 2004, we received allegations that the Dubai branch of one of our U.S. subsidiaries may have engaged in transactions involving the sale of
control valves and related parts to Iraq without required authorization. Upon initial investigation, we found transactions by the branch relating to Iraq, Iran and Sudan that appeared to have been undertaken without the required prior U.S.
governmental authorizations. A short time after the Dubai branch investigation commenced, we expanded the investigation to include other Dresser affiliates that since January 1999 may have engaged in transactions relating to U.S.-sanctioned
countries (including those countries already mentioned, Libya (prior to April 2004), Cuba and Syria (since mid-May 2004)) to determine 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

whether there were any other violations of U.S. laws related to export controls and economic sanctions. The investigation was completed and voluntary
disclosures to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments were made in late April 2005. The investigation identified a significant number of sales by certain of our foreign affiliates to sanctioned countries (in addition to the sales by the Dubai
branch) that appear to have been performed without required U.S. government authorization. In response to the foregoing, we have undertaken and are continuing to implement a comprehensive remedial program that is designed to prevent further unlawful transactions by our foreign subsidiaries and branches, and
unlawful facilitations by U.S. persons of otherwise legal transactions by our foreign subsidiaries, involving sanctioned countries. While our foreign subsidiaries may lawfully conduct business with sanctioned countries (other than Cuba), pursuant to
a recently adopted company-wide policy they will no longer be permitted to accept new business (other than such business as they are contractually obligated to undertake in compliance with U.S. laws) intended to or for Iran or Sudan. We have also
adopted a requirement that the U.S. export/import compliance and/or legal department conduct a review of all proposed transactions by our foreign subsidiaries relating to sanctioned countries to determine whether such sales are consistent with the
new policy and in compliance with applicable U.S. laws. In addition, we have issued further guidance and provided additional training to, our employees concerning the application of U.S. foreign trade controls, and we have reorganized our management
team that oversees compliance with these controls. Primary responsibility for overseeing such compliance resides with a newly created corporate officer position titled Executive Vice President, Ethics and Compliance, which reports directly to the
Chief Executive Officer and to the Audit Committee. We have also established the position of Corporate Export/Import Compliance Director, reporting directly to the new Executive Vice President. At each business unit, compliance managers and
export/import compliance managers have also been appointed. These business unit managers report to the new Executive Vice President and the new Corporate Export /Import Compliance Director, respectively. We are also taking appropriate disciplinary
action against personnel who failed to meet their obligations under company-wide policy or otherwise engaged in wrongful conduct. While our investigation has been completed, and voluntary disclosure reports have been submitted to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments, it remains
unclear as to what extent the various activities reported to these government agencies violate U.S. export control and economic sanctions regulations and what penalties the government agencies may seek to impose for conduct that is found to be
unlawful. Accordingly, we are unable to determine at this time the extent of violations or the nature or size of the penalties to which we may be subject as a result of any unauthorized dealings with U.S.-sanctioned countries. If we are found to be
in violation of the applicable U.S. Commerce and Treasury department regulations restricting dealings with Iran, Sudan and Cuba (and in the past, Iraq and Libya), we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, including fines and/or suspension
of the privilege to engage in export trading or to have our foreign affiliates receive U.S.-origin goods, software or technology. We believe that a loss in connection with this matter is probable and currently estimate our minimum probable liability to be approximately 0.8 million,
which we recorded as a reserve in the fourth quarter of 2004. Given that the resolution of these issues is inherently uncertain at this time, we are not able to reasonably estimate the maximum amount or a meaningful range of probable or reasonably
likely liability that could result from an adverse resolution of this matter or any related private causes of action that may arise. Since the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments could impose aggregate penalties in excess of the reserve, and
these amounts could be substantial, we cannot currently predict whether the ultimate resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to do business outside the United States, or on our financial
condition. In addition, our expenses related to the investigation and remedial actions have been and may continue to be substantial. Halliburton Indemnifications In accordance with the agreement relating to our recapitalization transaction, Halliburton agreed to indemnify us for certain items. Those indemnified
items include any product liability claim or product warranty 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

claim arising out of any products relating to any discontinued product or service line of Dresser. In addition, Halliburton has agreed to indemnify us for
certain other claims and liabilities, including: any other product liability claim made on or prior to closing of the recapitalization; any other loss, liability, damage or expense resulting from any action, suit or proceeding initiated prior to the
closing; any asbestos claims (present or future) based on or arising out of events or occurrences with respect to our businesses prior to the closing; and certain environmental liability claims against us, to the extent that notice is given to
Halliburton prior to the fifth anniversary of the closing. Halliburton had also agreed to indemnify us against any loss, liability, damage or expense relating to worker s compensation, general liability, and automobile liability arising out of
events or occurrences prior to the closing, but such rights with respect to those claims expired in April 2004. The maximum aggregate amount of all losses indemnifiable by Halliburton pursuant to the recapitalization agreement is 950 million. In
the case of certain general indemnities in the recapitalization agreement, other than those described above, there is an aggregate 15 million deductible that is applicable prior to the indemnification obligations. In addition, any single claim for
such indemnities is subject to a threshold of 0.5 million in the case where there was no knowledge of such claim by Halliburton and a 0.1 million threshold if there was knowledge. For purposes of determining the threshold or maximum amount of
indemnity and other overall indemnity obligations, such amounts shall be offset by insurance proceeds received by us or the amount of tax benefit received by us. All indemnification claims are subject to notice and procedural requirements that may
result in Halliburton denying indemnification claims for some losses. Under the agreement relating to our recapitalization transaction, we agreed to indemnify Halliburton for all assumed obligations of the businesses as set forth in the recapitalization agreement. This includes certain environmental matters,
including those arising out of acts by us which take place after the closing. We have the same aggregate indemnity deductible and maximum indemnity obligation as set forth above in the Halliburton indemnity, but do not have the single claim
thresholds described above. In addition, the indemnifiable amounts have the same offsets as set forth above with regard to insurance proceeds and tax benefits received by Halliburton. As Halliburton has publicly disclosed, it has been subject to numerous lawsuits involving asbestos claims associated with,
among other things, the operating units of Dresser Industries that were retained by Halliburton or disposed of by Dresser Industries or Halliburton prior to the recapitalization transaction. These lawsuits have resulted in significant expense for
Halliburton. In December 2003, certain affiliates of Halliburton filed a petition for relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Those affiliates filed a plan of reorganization that
became effective on January 20, 2005, which requires asbestos plaintiffs with claims against us or Halliburton to look for relief exclusively to a trust established under the plan. The plan prevents us from asserting our right to indemnification
under the recapitalization agreement with Halliburton as it relates to asbestos claims based on events occurring prior to the closing of the recapitalization. However, this indemnification right is unnecessary because the plan also prevents those
asbestos plaintiffs from asserting claims against us. We have
not historically incurred, and in the future we do not believe that we will incur, any material liability as a result of the past use of asbestos in products manufactured by the businesses currently owned by us or any predecessor entities of those
businesses. 
 ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth quarter of 2004. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Market Information There is no established public market for our common stock. Holders As of December 31, 2004, there was only one holder of record of our common stock, Dresser Holdings, Inc. Dividends We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since its issuance. Our current credit facility, our senior unsecured term loan facility,
and the indenture governing our senior subordinated notes limit our ability to declare or pay dividends. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The selected financial data set forth in this Item 6 have been restated to reflect adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2004. The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. 

Year ended December 31 

2004(1)(2) 

2003 (Restated)(3) 

2002 (Restated)(3) 

2001 (Restated)(3)(4)(5) 

2000 (Restated)(3)(4)(5) 

(in millions, except share and per share amounts) 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenues 

1,991.7 

1,661.1 

1,590.4 

1,542.1 

1,403.6 

Cost of revenues 

1,440.6 

1,225.2 

1,163.6 

1,082.0 

968.0 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

454.1 

382.3 

341.8 

346.4 

301.5 

Impairment of goodwill 

63.8 

Operating income 

33.2 

53.6 

85.0 

113.7 

134.1 

Net income (loss) 

(63.9) 

(37.9) 

(10.8) 

(45.9) 

75.5 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

(63,900) 

(37,900) 

(10,800) 

(48,500) 

Basic and diluted average common shares outstanding 

1,000 

1,000 

997 

945 

Balance Sheet Data (at period ended): 

Working capital 

360.6 

335.7 

362.4 

372.6 

282.0 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

240.6 

208.1 

208.4 

234.7 

231.1 

Total assets 

1,664.2 

1,404.5 

1,355.5 

1,389.1 

1,149.9 

Total long-term debt (including current portion) 

1,065.0 

944.1 

964.4 

1,017.0 

0.2 

Mandatorily redeemable common stock 

6.7 

12.4 

11.8 

11.7 

Shareholders (deficit) equity 

(326.4) 

(310.5) 

(303.4) 

(303.0) 

673.6 

Cash Flow Data: 

Cash flows provided by operating activities 

33.0 

75.8 

136.3 

91.7 

91.6 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

(209.7) 

(10.8) 

(46.9) 

(1,361.5) 

(28.9) 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

121.2 

(40.5) 

(79.5) 

1,353.3 

(86.3) 

Other Financial Data: 

EBITDA(6) 

86.4 

106.1 

139.1 

167.2 

192.3 

Capital expenditures 

50.8 

30.8 

15.2 

36.0 

27.3 

Depreciation and amortization 

48.8 

44.0 

43.3 

54.5 

49.2 

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges(7) 

1.0x 

1.7x 

20.2x 

Deficiency of earnings to fixed charges 

(54.2) 

(22.8) 

(1) 
 During 2004, we commenced an investigation concerning export sales by certain of our affiliates to U.S.-sanctioned countries. While our investigation has been completed, and
voluntary disclosure reports have been submitted to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments, it remains unclear as to what extent the various activities reported to these government agencies violate U.S. export control and economic sanctions
regulations and what penalties the government agencies may seek to impose for conduct that is found to be unlawful. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Item 8. Financial Statements, Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies for
further information. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 In June 2004, we acquired the distribution business of Nuovo Pignone S.p.A, which contributed revenues of 106.0 million and operating income of 3.8 million during 2004. See
 Item 8. Financial Statements, Note 9. Acquisitions and Divestitures for further information about this acquisition. 

(3) 
 During the preparation of our 2004 financial statements, we identified errors in amounts we had previously reported in our historical financial statements for periods prior to 2004.
See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition for a discussion of the errors identified by management and the impact on our restated financial statements. 

(4) 
 Our financial statements for periods prior to April 10, 2001 have been prepared on a carve-out basis as described in Item 8. Financial Statements, Note 1. Organization and
Basis of Presentation. 

(5) 
 Prior to adoption of SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangibles in 2002, we amortized goodwill of 6.1 million and 5.3 million during 2001 and 2000, respectively
through selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses. 

(6) 
 EBITDA is defined as net income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We present EBITDA because we consider it an important supplemental measure of our performance
and believe it is frequently used by our investors and other interested parties, as well as by our management, in the evaluation of companies in our industry, many of which present EBITDA when reporting their results. In addition, EBITDA provides
additional information used by our management and board of directors to facilitate internal comparisons to historical operating performance of prior periods. Further, management believes EBITDA facilitates their operating performance comparisons
from period to period because it excludes potential differences caused by variations in capital structures (affecting interest expense), tax positions (such as the impact of changes in effective tax rates or net operating losses) and the age and
book depreciation of facilities and equipment (affecting relative depreciation expense). EBITDA also provides the basis for a number of awards under our stock incentive plan. In addition, some of the covenants contained in our senior secured credit
facility, our senior unsecured term loan agreement and our indenture relating to our senior subordinated notes are based on measures similar to EBITDA, although in each case they allow for adjustments to net income in addition to those included in
EBITDA. The following table summarizes the
calculation of EBITDA for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2003 (Restated)s 

2002 (Restated) 

2001 (Restated) 

2000 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

Net income (loss) 

(63.9) 

(37.9) 

(10.8) 

(45.9) 

75.5 

Interest expense 

91.1 

85.5 

95.3 

64.9 

2.8 

Interest income 

(1.3) 

(2.9) 

(2.7) 

(3.2) 

(0.8) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

11.7 

17.4 

14.0 

96.9 

65.6 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

48.8 

44.0 

43.3 

54.5 

49.2 

EBITDA 

86.4 

106.1 

139.1 

167.2 

192.3 

EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 

EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 

EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 

EBITDA does not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debts; 

Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA does not reflect any
cash requirements for such replacements; and 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Other companies in our industry may calculate EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 

Because of these limitations, EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. We compensate for these
limitations by relying primarily on our U.S. GAAP results and using EBITDA only supplementally. 

(7) 
 The ratio of earnings to fixed charges is computed by dividing earnings by fixed charges. For this purpose, earnings include net income (loss) before taxes and fixed
charges (adjusted for interest capitalized during the period). Fixed charges include interest, whether expensed or capitalized, amortization of deferred financing fees and the portion of rental expense that is representative of the
interest factor in these rentals. 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Certain statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined under 21E of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate and other
expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and that do not relate to historical matters identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although
forward-looking statements reflect management s good faith beliefs, reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results,
performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the impact of general economic conditions in the regions
in which we do business; general industry conditions, including competition and product, raw material and energy prices; changes in exchange rates and currency values; capital expenditure requirements; access to capital markets and the risks and
uncertainties described in Item 1. Business Certain Risk Factors. Overview We believe we are a leading
worldwide manufacturer and marketer of highly engineered energy infrastructure and oilfield products and services. Approximately 85 of our revenues were generated from energy infrastructure and oilfield equipment spending. Our customers use our
products for the exploration and production, transportation and processing and storage and distribution of oil and gas and their by-products. Our principal business segments are flow control, measurement systems and compression and power systems. We
serve the energy industry globally, with an established sales presence in over 100 countries and manufacturing or customer support facilities in 20 countries. As of December 31, 2004, 62 of our revenues were generated from our operations outside of
the United States, and we expect this percentage to increase going forward. Our on/off valves and instruments product lines generated approximately 29 of our 2004 revenues from operations outside of the United States. In June 2004, we completed the purchase of the distribution business of Nuovo
Pignone S.p.A., a subsidiary of General Electric Company, for approximately 165 million in cash. The purchased business includes a retail fueling systems operation, comprised of gasoline, liquefied petroleum gas and compressed natural gas dispenser
products and services, and a gas meters operation, which manufactures and markets certain natural gas meters. The acquisition was completed to improve our market share in retail fueling systems, be complementary from a customer, product and
geographical perspective and provide us with cost saving opportunities. To finance the cash consideration related to the acquisition, we incurred additional borrowings under our credit facility in the amount of 175 million, which included 3.2
million of capitalized financing fees. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Restatement of Historical Financial Statements During the fourth calendar quarter of 2003 we reported adjustments aggregating a 10.0 million decrease to pre-tax income
and a 2.4 million decrease to income tax expense (the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments ). In our 2003 Form 10-K, we reflected these amounts in the fourth quarter of 2003 and disclosed that these amounts were significant to the fourth
quarter and the year. We have since determined to restate our historical financial statements for the effect of the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments. Also, during the preparation of our 2004 financial statements, we identified errors in amounts we
had previously reported in our historical financial statements for the first nine months of 2004 and periods prior to 2004. As a result, we have restated our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, and our quarterly
financial information for each of the quarters in 2003 and the first three quarters of 2004. The errors identified related to: 

certain adjustments recorded and disclosed in the fourth quarter of 2003, which related to prior periods 2003 fourth quarter adjustments 

deferred tax adjustments arising from our 2001 recapitalization transaction; 

accounting for LIFO inventory; 

accounting for foreign currency translation; 

accounting for inventory, including capitalization of inventory costs, the elimination of profits related to intercompany inventory transfers, and excess and obsolete E O inventory reserves; 

capitalization and amortization of deferred financing fees; 

various reconciliation adjustments related to our on/off product line; and 

other various matters, primarily of a control-related or bookkeeping nature, identified during the preparation of our 2004 financial statements or in connection with the restatement
efforts discussed above. Included within the
discussion below is information detailing: 

The effect on net income of each error on prior years and for the quarterly periods during 2003 and 2004; 

A narrative discussion of the nature of each error identified; 

Information as originally reported and as restated related to our statements of operations and cash flows for 2003 and 2002, our balance sheet for 2003 and our shareholders 
deficit at January 1, 2002, the earliest period presented; 

Quarterly information as originally reported and as restated related to our statements of operations for each of the quarters of 2003 and the first three quarters of 2004; and

Comparative quarterly information on a restated basis with an associated discussion of results of operations for each of the four quarters of 2004. The following table sets forth the effects of the above errors, including the
impact of reversing the previously recorded 2003 fourth quarter adjustments and the deferred tax adjustments related to our 2001 recapitalization transaction and recording these items in the appropriate periods, on our previously reported net income
(loss) for the years 2000 through 2003 and the nine months ended September 30, 2004. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Adjustment to Net Income (Loss) 

Cumulative Total Adjustment to Net Income (Loss) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2004 

Year Ended December 31, 

Prior to 2000 

2003 

2002 

2001 

2000 

(in millions) 

2003 fourth quarter adjustments 

11.3 

(0.2) 

(1.4) 

(0.6) 

(3.7) 

5.4 

Deferred tax adjustments 

(2.7) 

(0.6) 

0.2 

(3.1) 
 
 LIFO inventory 

(0.4) 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

(5.3) 

(6.1) 
 
 Foreign currency translation 

(0.2) 

2.7 

4.5 

(0.3) 

6.7 

Inventory costing 

(2.4) 

0.7 

3.9 

(0.8) 

(2.7) 

(3.0) 

(4.3) 
 
 Deferred financing fees 

4.3 

0.4 

2.0 

1.8 

8.5 

On/Off adjustments 

0.2 

(2.6) 

2.0 

0.1 

0.2 

(0.1) 
 
 Other 

(2.6) 

1.0 

(0.6) 

3.3 

1.1 

Total adjustments 

1.9 

6.8 

12.4 

(1.2) 

(3.3) 

(8.5) 

8.1 

The following table
sets forth the effects of the above errors on our previously reported net income (loss) for the quarterly periods during 2003 and for each of the first three quarters of 2004. 

Adjustment to Quarterly Net Income (Loss) 

2004 

2003 

3rd 

2nd 

1st 

4th 

3rd 

2nd 

1st 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

Quarter 

(in millions) 

2003 fourth quarter adjustments 

10.3 

1.9 

(0.5) 

(0.4) 
 
 Deferred tax adjustments 

(2.7) 

LIFO inventory 

0.2 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 
 
 Foreign currency translation 

0.4 

(0.1) 

(0.5) 

1.1 

0.3 

0.8 

0.5 

Inventory costing 

(0.9) 

1.7 

(3.2) 

2.7 

(0.1) 

(1.9) 
 
 Deferred financing fees 

(0.3) 

(0.3) 

4.9 

2.0 

(1.0) 

(0.6) 

On/Off adjustments 

0.2 

(2.8) 

0.4 

(0.2) 
 
 Other 

(0.9) 

0.6 

0.3 

(0.5) 

0.3 

(0.1) 

(2.3) 

Total adjustments 

(1.5) 

1.9 

1.5 

10.3 

1.2 

(0.2) 

(4.5) 

Following is a
description of the nature of each of our errors and the impact on our financial statements. 2003 Fourth Quarter Adjustments. During the fourth quarter of 2003, we recorded approximately 10.0 million in pre-tax expense and a reduction of income tax expense (discussed below in Deferred Tax
Adjustments) of 2.4 million. During the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2004, we determined it was appropriate to further review the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments to determine the period in which each of
the previously indeterminable items should have been properly recorded. As a result of this review, we restated our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, for each of the quarters in 2003, and for each of the first
three quarters in 2004. Approximately 4.9 million of the 2003
fourth quarter adjustments related to our U.K. subsidiary, which experienced high management turnover and systems implementation issues prior to 2003. Consequently, errors occurred in various accounts as a result of a lack of adherence to internal
control policies or bookkeeping practices. During 2003, we determined that adjustments were required to correctly state various account balances. Upon completion of our analysis performed in 2005, we determined our original assessment of the 4.9
million in adjustments to our U.K. subsidiary was overstated by 0.7 million, resulting in a total adjustment of 4.2 million for this subsidiary. The majority of the U.K. subsidiary s adjustments related to accounts receivable and inventory.
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Approximately 5.1 million of the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments related to our foreign pension accruals
as a result of some of our non-domestic subsidiary plans having been accounted for on a cash basis rather than an accrual basis. The remaining 2003 fourth quarter adjustments, the net effect of which was less than 0.1 million of loss, related to various errors including
capitalization of inventory costs, the classification of foreign currency translation on intercompany loans, the incorrect application of equity accounting on unconsolidated investments, reconciliation of intercompany accounts, recognition of
liabilities associated with unbilled items and depreciation expense. Upon completion of our analysis performed in 2005, we determined our original assessment of these adjustments was understated by 1.2 million, resulting in a total adjustment of
 1.2 million of cumulative income. In addition to the above errors, we had incorrectly written-off an asset of 3.5 million representing the cash surrender value of an insurance policy. During the course of our analysis performed during 2005, we determined that our 2003 fourth quarter adjustments, which we
originally disclosed as totaling 10.0 million, required 5.4 million of reductions in order to correctly reflect the account activity. The restatement of our historical financial statements reflects the adjustments necessary to record these
transactions in the period of origin. Deferred Tax
Adjustments. As part of our 2001 recapitalization transaction, we formed a Canadian subsidiary. For tax accounting purposes, a fair market value allocation of assets was required rather than the historical cost treatment for financial reporting
required by the recapitalization. During preparation of our 2003 tax provision, we discovered that certain deferred tax assets resulting from the Canadian transaction were not recorded in April 2001. In addition, we discovered that a deferred tax
liability for tax deductible goodwill had inappropriately been applied against the reversal of certain deferred tax assets, thereby, incorrectly reducing the amount of valuation allowance that had been established against the deferred tax assets.
These adjustments were incorrectly recorded in the fourth quarter of 2003 in the net amount of 2.4 million as a benefit to income tax expense. As a result of receiving cash associated with our Canadian tax filings in the third quarter of 2004, management reassessed the Canadian valuation and
allocation for tax purposes. As a result, we discovered additional differences between the book basis and tax basis in the underlying assets and liabilities originating from the recapitalization transaction. In the third quarter of 2004, we
recognized the change in our deferred taxes as an increase to equity since this would have been the appropriate treatment at the time of the recapitalization transaction. The restatement of our historical financial statements reflects the
adjustments necessary to correctly state our historical deferred taxes. LIFO Inventory. During the preparation of our 2004 financial statements, we determined that the E O reserves (calculated on the First-In First-Out FIFO basis) maintained by the LIFO business units were considered
part of our LIFO reserve, and the E O reserve balance was inadvertently eliminated as a result of our LIFO calculation. Considering the lower of cost or market approach to inventories, the associated inventories had no value under either the
FIFO or LIFO methods of accounting, and the E O reserve should not have been eliminated. The correction of this error resulted in an additional 6.5 million of E O reserves. Additionally, in December 2003, we reduced our LIFO reserve by 0.5 million as part of our periodic review of the reserve
account. Subsequently, we determined that an error was made in our initial calculation and the reduction should have been 0.9 million. We have reflected the correction of this matter in the fourth quarter of 2003. Foreign Currency Translation . During the preparation of our
2004 financial statements, we determined that we had incorrectly classified certain intercompany loan balances for our subsidiaries as long-term, despite management s intention that such balances would be repaid in the short-term. As a result,
the short-term translation gains and losses related to these loans should have been recognized through the income statement in the period in which the exchange rate change occurred instead of through other comprehensive income/(loss). 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Inventor y Costing . We discovered errors primarily related to the capitalization of
inventory costs and the elimination of profits on intercompany transfers of inventory at our on/off valve operation. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2003, we did not correctly adjust our standard costs to reflect the actual cost of manufacturing. The
correction of this error was included in the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments discussed above. Beginning with the first quarter of 2004, our on/off valve operation attempted to correct for its prior year deficiencies but inadvertently began to
capitalize costs that did not constitute capitalizable costs. We have now correctly applied full cost absorption at our on/off valve operation and properly calculated the profit elimination related to intercompany inventory transfers. In addition,
we discovered errors related to our reserve for E O inventory at two of our operations and adjustments at another operation were necessary due to a failure to reconcile general ledger balances to the perpetual inventory system, which we have now
properly stated. Deferred Financing Fees. In the course
of preparing our 2004 financial statements, we determined that expenses related to the 2001 recapitalization transaction were incorrectly capitalized, resulting in subsequent errors to amortization expense and the write-off of deferred financing
fees related to the refinancing of our Tranche A term loan in 2002 and our Tranche B term loan in 2004. On/Off Adjustments . During the fourth quarter of 2003, our Houston on/off valve operation performed an extensive review and reconciliation of its
balance sheet accounts and recorded correcting adjustments of approximately 2.8 million in that quarter. The adjustments primarily related to the correction of purchase price adjustment of 1.2 million, a rebate provision of 0.5 million and the
correction of a commission reserve of 0.7 million. Other
Adjustments. During the preparation of our 2004 financial statements, we identified other items requiring adjustments for the periods under restatement and reflected these adjustments in the period in which they originated. In addition, we
recorded a Type I subsequent events adjustment of 1.5 million during the third quarter of 2004 reflecting the resolution of a previously outstanding legal issue. The cumulative amount of these adjustments was 1.1 million of income through
September 30, 2004. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables set forth the effects of the restatement on our previously reported consolidated
statements of operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, as well as the effects on our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2003: 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

As Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 

Year ended December 31, 2003 

Revenues 

1,657.0 

4.1 

1,661.1 

Cost of revenues 

1,223.8 

1.4 

1,225.2 

Gross profit 

433.2 

2.7 

435.9 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

384.6 

(2.3) 

382.3 

Operating Income 

48.6 

5.0 

53.6 

Interest expense 

(85.8) 

0.3 

(85.5) 
 
 Interest income 

2.9 

2.9 

Other income (expense), net 

3.2 

3.0 

6.2 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(31.1) 

8.3 

(22.8) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

(14.5) 

(2.9) 

(17.4) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(45.6) 

5.4 

(40.2) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

0.9 

1.4 

2.3 

Net income (loss) 

(44.7) 

6.8 

(37.9) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(44,700) 

6,800 

(37,900) 

Year ended December 31, 2002 

Revenues 

1,589.4 

1.0 

1,590.4 

Cost of revenues 

1,167.8 

(4.2) 

1,163.6 

Gross profit 

421.6 

5.2 

426.8 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

338.7 

3.1 

341.8 

Operating Income 

82.9 

2.1 

85.0 

Interest expense 

(98.6) 

3.3 

(95.3) 
 
 Interest income 

2.6 

0.1 

2.7 

Other income (expense), net 

(0.2) 

8.0 

7.8 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(13.3) 

13.5 

0.2 

Provision for income taxes 

(13.4) 

(0.6) 

(14.0) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(26.7) 

12.9 

(13.8) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

3.5 

(0.5) 

3.0 

Net income (loss) 

(23.2) 

12.4 

(10.8) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(23,200) 

12,400 

(10,800) 

44 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

(in millions) 

December 31, 2003 

Cash and equivalents 

148.9 

0.1 

149.0 

Receivables, net 

276.2 

0.2 

276.4 

Notes receivable 

4.4 

4.4 

Inventories 

290.3 

(10.1) 

280.2 

Other current assets 

21.2 

0.1 

21.3 

Total current assets 

741.0 

(9.7) 

731.3 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

208.1 

208.1 

Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

7.3 

(0.2) 

7.1 

Goodwill 

315.2 

315.2 

Deferred financing fees 

40.2 

(1.5) 

38.7 

Other assets 

92.4 

11.7 

104.1 

Total assets 

1,404.2 

0.3 

1,404.5 

Accounts payable 

198.4 

(0.1) 

198.3 

Notes payable 

2.9 

2.9 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

2.7 

2.7 

Accrued payroll and other compensation 

47.6 

0.6 

48.2 

Deferred revenue 

27.0 

(1.0) 

26.0 

Accrued warranty 

26.9 

26.9 

Income taxes payable 

22.8 

(2.9) 

19.9 

Accrued expenses 

68.5 

2.2 

70.7 

Total current liabilities 

396.8 

(1.2) 

395.6 

Pension and other retiree benefits 

340.1 

(0.2) 

339.9 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

941.4 

941.4 

Reserve Deferred Taxes 

3.1 

3.1 

Other liabilities 

22.1 

0.1 

22.2 

Total liabilities 

1,703.5 

(1.3) 

1,702.2 

Minority interest 

0.4 

0.4 

Mandatorily redeemable common stock 

12.9 

(0.5) 

12.4 

Total shareholders deficit 

(312.6) 

2.1 

(310.5) 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

1,404.2 

0.3 

1,404.5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

As Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2003 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

74.6 

1.2 

75.8 

Year ended December 31, 2002 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

137.2 

(0.9) 

136.3 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Deficit 

As Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

(in millions) 

As of January 1, 2002 

Additional paid in capital (1) 

439.4 

(3.3) 

436.1 

Dividends in excess of book value (2) 

(595.8) 

(9.8) 

(605.6) 
 
 Accumulated deficit (3) 

(44.8) 

(1.1) 

(45.9) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (4) 

(89.3) 

1.7 

(87.6) 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 Adjustment primarily represents reclassification of Entech shares to mandatorily redeemable common stock. See Item 8. Financial Statements, Note 17. Mandatorily Redeemable
Common Stock for additional information. 

(2) 
 Adjustment represents a) 12.1 million of net loss adjustments related to errors affecting net income in periods prior to our April 10, 2001 recapitalization transaction, and b)
 5.5 million in adjustments due to corrections related to the capitalization of deferred financing fees, partially offset by c) 7.8 million due to increases in deferred tax balance as part of our recapitalization transaction.

(3) 
 Adjustment represents the change in our accumulated deficit balance at January 1, 2002, the earliest period presented. 

(4) 
 Adjustment relates to reclassifying foreign exchange gains and losses related to the translation of intercompany loans from other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance
sheet to other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. The below unaudited consolidated statements of operations have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America U.S. GAAP for interim financial information. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The following tables set forth quarterly information as reported in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for periods prior to and including September 30, 2004, as well as restated quarterly information for the same periods. 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 2004 

June 30, 2004 

September 30, 2004 

As Reported 

As Restated 

As Reported 

As Restated 

As Reported 

As Restated 

(in millions, except share and per share amounts) 

Revenues 

436.3 

436.4 

495.9 

496.1 

508.3 

506.7 

Cost of revenues 

311.9 

315.1 

352.5 

350.6 

360.9 

361.8 

Gross profit 

124.4 

121.3 

143.4 

145.5 

147.4 

144.9 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

104.7 

104.8 

103.7 

103.3 

116.7 

115.8 

Operating income 

19.7 

16.5 

39.7 

42.2 

30.7 

29.1 

Interest expense 

(36.0) 

(30.6) 

(18.5) 

(19.1) 

(20.2) 

(20.5) 
 
 Interest income 

0.3 

0.3 

0.2 

0.2 

0.4 

0.4 

Other income (expense), net 

(0.2) 

(0.7) 

0.2 

0.2 

(0.8) 

(0.4) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(16.2) 

(14.5) 

21.6 

23.5 

10.1 

8.6 

Provision for income taxes 

(3.2) 

(3.2) 

(4.0) 

(4.0) 

(6.1) 

(6.0) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(19.4) 

(17.7) 

17.6 

19.5 

4.0 

2.6 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

0.9 

0.7 

0.7 

0.7 

0.8 

0.7 

Minority owner s share of consolidated subsidiaries 

0.1 

0.1 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

(0.7) 

(0.7) 

Net income (loss) 

(18.4) 

(16.9) 

18.1 

20.0 

4.1 

2.6 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

(18,400) 

(16,900) 

18,100 

20,000 

4,100 

2,600 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

46 

Table of Contents 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 2003 

June 30, 2003 

September 30, 2003 

December 31, 2003 

As Reported 

As Restated 

As Reported 

As Restated 

As Reported 

As Restated 

As Reported 

As Restated 

(in millions, except share and per share amounts) 

Revenues 

371.4 

371.7 

394.9 

395.4 

417.5 

418.0 

473.2 

476.0 

Cost of revenues 

271.5 

274.4 

293.8 

294.2 

306.1 

306.4 

352.4 

350.2 

Gross profit 

99.9 

97.3 

101.1 

101.2 

111.4 

111.6 

120.8 

125.8 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

88.6 

90.5 

95.1 

95.4 

88.8 

90.0 

112.1 

106.4 

Operating income 

11.3 

6.8 

6.0 

5.8 

22.6 

21.6 

8.7 

19.4 

Interest expense 

(20.4) 

(20.5) 

(21.3) 

(21.2) 

(21.2) 

(21.1) 

(22.9) 

(22.8) 
 
 Interest income 

1.3 

1.3 

0.6 

0.6 

0.5 

0.5 

0.5 

0.6 

Other income (expense), net 

3.1 

3.7 

5.1 

5.6 

(0.8) 

1.2 

(4.2) 

(4.3) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(4.7) 

(8.7) 

(9.6) 

(9.2) 

1.1 

2.2 

(17.9) 

(7.1) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

(2.2) 

(2.2) 

(8.0) 

(8.0) 

(10.8) 

(10.8) 

6.5 

3.6 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(6.9) 

(10.9) 

(17.6) 

(17.2) 

(9.7) 

(8.6) 

(11.4) 

(3.5) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

0.8 

0.2 

0.7 

0.2 

0.5 

0.6 

(1.1) 

1.3 

Net income (loss) 

(6.1) 

(10.7) 

(16.9) 

(17.0) 

(9.2) 

(8.0) 

(12.5) 

(2.2) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

(6,100) 

(10,700) 

(16,900) 

(17,000) 

(9,200) 

(8,000) 

(12,500) 

(2,200) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

47 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth quarterly trend information on a restated basis for the eight quarters
ending December 31, 2004. The effects of the restatement did not have a material effect on any of the trends in our consolidated quarterly statements of operations. 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 

June 30, 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2004 (Restated) 

2003 (Restated) 

2004 (Restated) 

2003 (Restated) 

2004 (Restated) 

2003 (Restated) 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

(in millions, except share and per share amounts) 

Revenues 

436.4 

371.7 

496.1 

395.4 

506.7 

418.0 

552.5 

476.0 

Cost of revenues 

315.1 

274.4 

350.6 

294.2 

361.8 

306.4 

413.1 

350.2 

Gross profit 

121.3 

97.3 

145.5 

101.2 

144.9 

111.6 

139.4 

125.8 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

104.8 

90.5 

103.3 

95.4 

115.8 

90.0 

129.9 

106.4 

Goodwill impairment 

63.8 

Operating Income 

16.5 

6.8 

42.2 

5.8 

29.1 

21.6 

(54.3) 

19.4 

Interest expense 

(30.6) 

(20.5) 

(19.1) 

(21.2) 

(20.5) 

(21.1) 

(20.9) 

(22.8) 
 
 Interest income 

0.3 

1.3 

0.2 

0.6 

0.4 

0.5 

0.4 

0.6 

Other income (expense), net 

(0.7) 

3.7 

0.2 

5.6 

(0.4) 

1.2 

2.1 

(4.3) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(14.5) 

(8.7) 

23.5 

(9.2) 

8.6 

2.2 

(72.7) 

(7.1) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

(3.2) 

(2.2) 

(4.0) 

(8.0) 

(6.0) 

(10.8) 

1.5 

3.6 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(17.7) 

(10.9) 

19.5 

(17.2) 

2.6 

(8.6) 

(71.2) 

(3.5) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

0.7 

0.2 

0.7 

0.2 

0.7 

0.6 

1.8 

1.3 

Minority owner s share of consolidated subsidiaries 

0.1 

(0.2) 

(0.7) 

0.1 

Net income (loss) 

(16.9) 

(10.7) 

20.0 

(17.0) 

2.6 

(8.0) 

(69.3) 

(2.2) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

(16,900) 

(10,700) 

20,000 

(17,000) 

2,600 

(8,000) 

(69,300) 

(2,200) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

Three Months Ended March
31, 2004 Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, 2003 Revenues. Revenues increased 64.7 million, or 17.4 , compared to 2003. Our flow control segment contributed approximately 27.6 million primarily due to higher sales in our on/off product line, strengthening international demand in
our control valves product line and the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our measurement systems segment increased 23.2 million primarily due to the acquisition of certain assets of Tokheim North America in March 2003
and the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our compression and power systems segment increased 14.2 million primarily due to higher original equipment sales of natural gas engines. Gross Profit. Gross profit increased 24.0 million, or 24.7 , compared
to 2003. The flow control segment increased 7.9 million primarily due to cost reduction efforts realized in 2004 and the favorable effect of foreign currency exchange rates. Our measurement systems segment increased 11.9 million primarily due to
the 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

termination of transition services costs associated with the Tokheim transaction in 2003 and the favorable effect of foreign currency exchange rates. The
compression and power systems segment increased 4.4 million primarily due to an increase in shipment volume. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to 27.8 in 2004 from 26.2 in 2003. Selling, Engineering, Administrative, and General Expenses. Selling,
engineering, administrative and general expenses increased 14.3 million, or 15.8 , compared to 2003. Our flow control segment increased 8.5 million primarily due to higher selling expenses resulting from volume growth and the unfavorable effect of
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The measurement systems segment decreased 0.8 million primarily due to restructuring efforts in 2003 which were partially offset by higher costs associated with the Tokheim transaction and the unfavorable
effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and our compression and power systems segment increased 3.0 million primarily due to expenses associated with the retirement of senior management. Corporate and other expenses increased 3.6
million primarily due to higher expenses and fees associated with the preparation and audit of our financial statements. Interest Expense. Interest expense increased 10.1 million, or 49.3 , compared to 2003. The increase was due to the write-off of 11.3 million of
unamortized deferred financing fees related to the early extinguishment of our Tranche B term loan in March 2004, partially offset by lower average debt levels and a reduction in interest rates. Other Income (Expense), Net. Other income (expense), net changed by
 4.4 million of expense compared to 2003 primarily due short-term translation losses on intercompany loan balances. Provision for Income Taxes. Our provision for income taxes increased 1.0 million compared to 2003 due to changes in the distribution of pretax
income across geographical jurisdictions with different tax rates and the use of net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions for which a valuation allowance was recorded in prior periods. We have provided a full valuation allowance against
domestic deferred tax assets. Therefore, no deferred income tax expense or benefit has been recorded during the first quarters of 2003 or 2004 for our U.S. operations. Three Months Ended June 30, 2004 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2003 Revenues. Revenues increased 100.7 million, or 25.5 , compared to
2003. Our flow control segment increased 47.1 million primarily due to strengthening demand across our product lines and the favorable effect of foreign currency exchange rates. Our measurement systems segment increased 38.1 million primarily due
to strengthening U.S. demand for dispensers, revenues attributed to the June 2004 acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business and the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The compression and power systems
segment increased 16.0 million primarily due to strengthening demand for natural gas engines and power generation related products. Gross Profit. Gross profit increased 44.3 million, or 43.8 , compared to 2003. Our flow control segment increased 17.3 million and our
measurement systems segment increased 16.7 million primarily due to volume increases, the impact of cost reduction efforts and the favorable effect of foreign currency exchange rates. Our compression and power systems segment increased 10.4
million primarily due the negative effect of the 2003 strike at our Waukesha facility. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 29.3 in 2004 compared to 25.6 in 2003. Selling, Engineering, Administrative and General Expenses. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses
increased 7.9 million, or 8.3 , compared to 2003. The flow control segment increased 13.0 million primarily due to higher commissions and marketing expenses related to volume growth and unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange
rates. Our measurement systems segment increased 2.3 million due to incremental expenses related to the Nuovo Pignone acquisition and the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

currency exchange rates. The compression and power systems segment decreased 1.4 million due to a gain recorded on the sale of land and decreased
compensation expenses resulting from our workforce reductions in late 2003 and early 2004. Corporate and other expenses decreased 6.0 million primarily due to audit and accounting related expenses incurred in 2003 as a result of the restatement and
reaudit of our 2001 financial statements. Interest Expense.
 Interest expense decreased 2.1 million, or 9.9 , compared to 2003 primarily due to lower average interest rates, partially offset by higher average debt balances due to additional borrowing associated with the Nuovo Pignone acquisition.
 Other Income (Expense), Net. Other income (expense),
net changed by 5.4 million of expense compared to 2003 primarily due to short-term translation losses on intercompany loan balances. Provision for Income Taxes. Income tax expense decreased 4.0 million compared to 2003 due to changes in the distribution of pretax income across
geographical jurisdictions with different tax rates and the use of net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions for which a valuation allowance was recorded in prior periods. We have provided a full valuation allowance against domestic
deferred tax assets. Therefore, no deferred income tax expense or benefit has been recorded during the second quarters of 2003 or 2004 for our U.S. operations. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2004 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2003 Revenues. Revenues increased 88.7 million, or 21.2 , compared to
2003. Revenues in our flow control segment increased 16.7 million primarily due to higher international demand in our control valves and pressure relief product lines and the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, partially
offset by lower demand and the 2003 sale of our LVF unit in our on/off product line. Our measurement systems segment increased 65.6 million primarily due to the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business in June 2004, higher sales
volume related to dispensers and services and the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Revenues in our compression and power systems segment increased 6.3 million due to strong demand for our natural gas compression and
power generation products tempered by lower sales of aftermarket parts and industrial blowers. Gross Profit. Gross profit increased 33.3 million, or 29.8 , compared to 2003. Our flow control segment increased 11.2 million and our measurement systems segment increased 17.4 million primarily due to
higher volume driven by improved market conditions and the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Gross profit in our compression and power systems segment increased 4.7 million due to higher manufacturing productivity,
favorable product mix and cost savings initiative. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to 28.6 in 2004 compared to 26.7 in 2003. Selling, Engineering, Administrative and General Expenses. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses increased 25.8 million, or
28.6 , compared to 2003. Our compression and power systems segment increased 10.9 million primarily due to expenses related to the purchase of research and development technology for our natural gas engines business. Our measurement systems segment
increased 5.3 million primarily due to incremental expenses associated with the Nuovo Pignone acquisition and the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The flow control segment increased 5.7 million due to higher
employee separation costs, higher engineering expenses and the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Corporate and other expenses increased 3.8 million primarily due to higher stock option expense related to an increase
in issued stock options during the third quarter of 2004 and higher employee compensation costs associated with increased staffing in our accounting and finance organization. Provision for Income Taxes. Income tax expense decreased 4.8 million compared to 2003 due to changes in the
distribution of pretax income across geographical jurisdictions with different tax rates and the use of net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions for which a valuation allowance was recorded in prior periods. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

We have provided a full valuation allowance against domestic deferred tax assets. Therefore, no deferred income tax expense or benefit has been recorded
during the third quarters of 2003 or 2004 for our U.S. operations. Three Months Ended December 31, 2004 Compared to Three Months Ended December 31, 2003 Revenues. Revenues increased 76.6 million, or 16.1 , compared to 2003. Our measurement systems segment increased 68.8 million primarily due to
the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business, which contributed 55.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2004, and the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Revenues related to dispenser volume were negatively
impacted during the fourth quarter due to delays in deliveries related to an ERP systems implementation. We do not expect these delivery delays to continue into 2005. Our compression and power systems segment increased 8.6 million primarily due to
international market growth in our industrial blowers business. Our natural gas compression and power generation products have experienced strong demand throughout 2004, but revenue gains were tempered by delayed shipments of aftermarket parts
during the fourth quarter of 2004. Shipment delays of aftermarket parts were impacted by supply chain constraints, which have affected our ability to ship parts and reduce our backlog. Our flow control segment decreased revenues by 1.6 million
primarily due to decreased volume from our on/off valves product line, partially offset by increased international demand in our control valves and pressure relief product lines. Gross Profit. Gross profit increased 13.6 million, or 10.8 , compared to 2003. Our measurement systems segment
increased 11.9 million primarily due to the acquisition of Nuovo Pignone and the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our compression and power systems segment increased 1.9 million primarily due to higher volume and
favorable manufacturing costs in our industrial blowers business. Our natural gas and power generation business experienced a slight decline in gross profit primarily due to higher metal prices. Gross profit in our flow control segment declined 1.1
million primarily due to higher costs in our control valves and pressure relief product lines partially offset by lower 2004 variable costs and expenses associated with inventory shrinkage in 2003 in our on/off valves product line. As a percentage
of revenue, gross profit decreased to 25.2 in 2004 compared to 26.4 in 2003. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses increased 23.5 million, or 22.1 , compared to 2003. Expenses related to our flow control and
compression and power systems segments remained relatively unchanged compared to 2003. Our measurement systems segment increased 7.0 million primarily due to the acquisition of Nuovo Pignone. Corporate and other expenses increased 16.7 million
primarily due to severance benefits of 9.4 million associated with the resignation of our former chief executive officer in December 2004 and higher stock option expense associated with options issued during the third quarter of 2004. 
 In addition, we recorded impairment charges of 63.8 million in the fourth
quarter of 2004 associated with goodwill attributed to our on/off valves product line. Other Income (Expense), Net. Other income (expense), net changed by 6.4 million of income compared to 2003 primarily due short-term translation gains on intercompany loan balances. Provision for Income Taxes. Our provision for income taxes increased
 2.1 million compared to 2003 due to changes in the distribution of pretax income across geographical jurisdictions with different tax rates and the use of net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions for which a valuation allowance was
recorded in prior periods. We have provided a full valuation allowance against domestic deferred tax assets. Therefore, no deferred income tax expense or benefit has been recorded during the fourth quarters of 2003 or 2004 for our U.S. operations.
 Outlook Our product offerings include valves, instruments, meters, retail fuel dispensing systems, blowers and natural gas fueled
engines and power generation systems. These products are used to produce, transport, process, store and deliver oil and gas and their related by-products. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 There are several key indicators that drive our business. Over the long term, demand for energy
infrastructure and oilfield equipment is driven by fluctuations in worldwide economic activity and energy consumption, which is a function of global population, industrial growth, the levels of energy consumption per capita and changes in energy
usage patterns. In the short term, demand for our products is affected by overall worldwide economic conditions and by fluctuations in the level of activity and capital spending by major, national and independent oil and gas companies, gas
distribution companies, pipeline companies, power generation companies and petrochemical processing plants, as well as our customers access to capital. Activity levels can vary substantially in different geographic regions throughout the
world. For example, in recent years U.S. markets have been relatively weak while international markets have been relatively strong. The level of oil and gas prices affect all of these activities and are a significant factor in determining our
primary customers level of cash flow. Our business is subject to cyclicality and periodic downturns, which have caused revenue and earnings to fluctuate in the past. Our customers perception of oil and gas prices in the near-to-long term
will impact our business, and as such, continued expectation of higher prices will correspond to strengthening in our business. See Item 1. Business Certain Risk Factors Our business is cyclical in nature and our business and
operating results could be harmed during economic or industry downturns. We believe that in order to maintain our competitiveness, we need to continue to focus on operational efficiency and cash flow. This focus includes our on-going initiatives to increase manufacturing efficiencies,
consolidate raw material sources, increase global procurement and improve working capital efficiency. We have improved global procurement through increased coordination among our business units and increased outsourcing of non-core manufacturing
functions. See Restructuring and Other Exit Activities below for more information related to specific restructuring programs. Flow Control . Demand for our on/off valves is generally driven by full-field development of oil and natural gas reserves as well as pipeline
construction. The global exploration and production market is very active, and we are benefiting from increased drilling activity and the offshore exploration, and onshore processing infrastructures associated with the growing demand for liquefied
natural gas in the Middle East, Asia Pacific and West Africa. The transmission market, driven by recent strong gas prices and the need for on-going maintenance and integrity projects that had been postponed when gas prices were weaker, is stronger
in 2005 than in the prior two years. Our control valve
business has successfully expanded into new market segments, including steam conditioning, gas to liquids and hydrocarbon upstream projects such as offshore platforms. In addition, the business has benefited from higher energy prices which are
driving increased investment in oil production from non-traditional sources, such as Canadian tar sands and new hydrocarbon processing methods including coal liquefaction. Demand for infrastructure and industrial capacity, particularly for power
generation, is strong in China, Korea and India. Aftermarket sales continue to represent a significant component of control valve revenues. Most recently, aftermarket sales have benefited from increased oil production capacity in Russia and West
Africa and from spending in North American, Western Europe, Japan and other mature markets where new project activity is limited. Like the control valve and on/off valve businesses, our pressure relief product line is benefiting from increased spending in the energy industry. In
addition, the pressure relief product line is experiencing improved aftermarket demand in the United States in 2005 as compared to 2004 and a continuation of international demand relative to 2004. Our natural gas solutions business (formerly metering and piping
specialties), which primarily addresses the natural gas utility market, began to experience improved market conditions during 2004, which has continued in 2005 due to general economic expansion and the continued growth in the demand for natural gas.
Our instruments business, which serves a diverse customer base, has generally experienced favorable market conditions in 2005, especially in the process industries, which represent a significant portion of its revenues. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 In November 2005, we sold our on/off valves and instruments product lines. See Item 1.
Business Recent Developments and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 9. Acquisitions and Dispositions , for a description of the sales agreements. Measurement Systems . The market for new equipment strengthened during
2004 across all customer segments especially in North America, Asia and Latin America. During 2005, we have witnessed a leveling-off in demand in developed markets because of a decline in major oil retail spending replaced by stronger independent
and high volume orders, especially in North America. Internationally, we are experiencing increased market activity from the national oil companies in Latin America, Eastern Europe and Asia, and we have been successful in a number of recent tenders.
 Increased spending by major oil companies in 2004 to upgrade
older sites has, as expected, slowed. However, through the first half of 2005, they are continuing planned programs to roll-out point-of-sales equipment. Sales to high volume retailers and independent marketers continue to be strong as a result of
aggressive building and upgrade programs. In June 2004, we
completed the purchase of the Nuovo Pignone, S.p.A. distribution business for approximately 165 million. The business gives us access to customers in southern Europe and the Mediterranean area of Africa. In addition, the business includes gasoline,
liquefied petroleum gas and compressed natural gas dispenser products and services and a gas meters operation. The acquisition, which is complementary from a customer, product and geographical perspective, has improved our market share in retail
fueling systems, and we expect it to provide cost savings opportunities. Compression and Power Systems . During 2004, gas compression-related engine sales and parts sales began to recover from relatively low levels in 2003, and U. S. activity has continued to strengthen in 2005. We
have experienced strong Canadian activity since 2004, and we expect this demand to continue through 2006. Engine sales into power generation applications remain relatively strong, although competition based upon price and engine efficiency remains
intense. The domestic power generation market is expected to remain flat in 2005 while international markets for engines and parts are relatively strong, especially in Pakistan, Bangladesh and South America. Because of the high demand and long
product delivery lead times that we believe are currently common across the industry, we are making investments in our business to shorten our delivery schedules. Our blower and compressor business is being driven by increased demand in the environmental and primary metals market.
Governmental regulation in both the water and clean air segments is driving demand for our products for wastewater treatment and flue gas desulphurization. High purity steel demand is driving the need for increased global capacity in direct reduced
iron. The process to produce this product utilizes our large rotary lobe and centrifugal blowers. Restructuring and Other Exit Activities We have initiated restructuring programs affecting several business units in an effort to obtain manufacturing efficiencies and cost savings. In 2002, we discontinued several small product lines and implemented a
company-wide reduction in our workforce. In 2003, we eliminated five of our manufacturing facilities through consolidations and outsourced manufacturing at one additional site. At the onset of our restructuring activities in 2002 and 2003, we
estimated we would achieve cost savings of approximately 40 million. Due to the nature of the restructuring activities and other cost initiatives undertaken during 2002 and thereafter, we are unable to accurately determine actual cost savings
specific to our restructuring activities. In accordance with SFAS No. 146 Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities we recognize costs associated with exit or disposal activities as incurred rather than at the date
of a commitment to an exit or disposal plan. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with these activities, as described above, we incurred certain restructuring charges
related to benefit costs associated with the termination of approximately 700 employees. We also incurred impairment charges with respect to certain assets, related to machinery, goodwill and capitalized designs. These costs have been reflected in
cost of revenues and selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses. During 2002, we incurred approximately 6.0 million in costs as a result of our decision to: 

(1) 
 consolidate manufacturing of our standard design rotary blower products at our Houston, Texas manufacturing plant and downsize our Connersville, Indiana facility;

(2) 
 cease manufacturing fuel dispensers at a Canadian manufacturing facility and consolidate North American fuel dispenser manufacturing in our Austin, Texas facility;

(3) 
 discontinue several small product lines; and 

(4) 
 implement a company-wide reduction in our workforce. The restructuring charges incurred in 2002 are as follows: 

Description 
 
 Restructuring Charge 
 
 Cash Payments 

Non-Cash Charges 

Accrued at December 31, 2002 

(in millions) 
 
 Consolidate manufacturing of standard rotary blower products 

Termination benefits 

0.2 

(0.2) 

Cease fuel dispenser manufacturing at a Canadian facility 

Termination benefits 

0.5 

(0.5) 

Discontinuation of several product lines 

Termination benefits 

0.9 

(0.5) 

0.4 
 
 Write-down of other assets 

0.5 

(0.5) 

Write-down of machinery 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Write-down of goodwill 

0.2 

(0.2) 

Company-wide reduction in force 

Termination benefits 

3.6 

(1.7) 

1.9 

Total 

6.0 

(2.9) 

(0.8) 

2.3 

All of the
restructuring charges accrued at December 31, 2002 were paid in 2003. We incurred 21.4 million of restructuring charges in 2003. Restructuring charges of 5.4 million and 16.0 million have been reflected in cost of revenues and selling,
engineering, administrative and general expense, respectively, in our statement of operations. In 2003, we incurred costs as a result of a decision to: 

(1) 
 consolidate a valve operation in Germany (EDG) into an existing facility in Italy; 

(2) 
 consolidate an instrument operation in Shelton, Connecticut, into an existing facility in Stratford, Connecticut; 

(3) 
 consolidate an instrument operation in Berea, Kentucky with existing operations in Brazil into a new facility in Sao Caetano, Brazil; 

(4) 
 consolidate a retail fueling dispenser manufacturing operation in Germany into an existing facility in Sweden; 

(5) 
 consolidate two Canadian retail fueling dispenser plant operations; 

(6) 
 outsource the manufacturing of certain blowers; 

(7) 
 consolidate a control valve operation in Burlington, Canada, into existing facilities; 
 54 

Table of Contents 

(8) 
 consolidate certain flow control operations in Houston, Texas, into a new facility; and 

(9) 
 continue a reduction in our workforce. The restructuring charges incurred in 2003 are as follows: 

Description 
 
 Restructuring Charge 
 
 2003 Cash Payments 

2003 Non-Cash Charges 

Accrued at December 31, 2003 
 
 2004 Cash Payments 

Accrued at December 31, 2004 

(in millions) 

Consolidate EDG operations 

Termination benefits 

0.4 

(0.4) 

Write-down of fixed assets 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Other exit activities 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Consolidate Shelton operations 

Termination benefits 

0.7 

(0.7) 

Write-down of fixed assets 

0.7 

(0.7) 

Other exit activities 

1.2 

(1.2) 

Consolidate Berea operations 

Termination benefits 

1.8 

(0.3) 

1.5 

(1.5) 

Other exit activities 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Consolidate German retail fueling operations 

Termination benefits 

6.0 

(2.8) 

3.2 

(3.2) 

Write-down of fixed assets 

0.6 

(0.6) 

Consolidate Canadian retail fueling operations 

Termination benefits 

0.5 

(0.5) 

Outsource the manufacturing of certain blowers 

Termination benefits 

1.7 

1.7 

(0.4) 

1.3 
 
 Other exit activities 

0.2 

(0.1) 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Consolidate Burlington operations 

Termination benefits 

0.8 

0.8 

(0.8) 

Other exit activities 

0.2 

(0.2) 

Consolidate Houston operations 

Termination benefits 

1.3 

1.3 

(1.3) 

Write-down of fixed assets 

1.5 

(1.5) 

Other exit activities 

0.3 

(0.3) 

Company-wide reduction in force 

Termination benefits 

3.2 

(3.0) 

0.2 

(0.2) 

Total 

21.4 

(9.7) 

(2.9) 

8.8 

(7.5) 

1.3 

As of December 31,
2004, all but 1.3 million of termination benefits had been paid relating to our 2003 restructuring programs. During the first quarter of 2005, we determined that we would be unable to obtain an appropriate outsourcing partner for the manufacture of
certain of our blowers. The outsourcing requirement was integral to our restructuring plans. Therefore, we have cancelled our restructuring activities and reversed the 1.3 million restructuring accrual in the first quarter of 2005. We incurred 7.0 million of restructuring charges during 2004.
Restructuring charges of 0.7 and 6.3 million have been reflected in cost of revenues and selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses, respectively, in our statements of operations. During 2004, we incurred costs in connection with
the continuation of: 

(1) 
 a consolidation of an instrument operation in Berea, Kentucky, with existing operations in Brazil into a new facility in Sao Caetano, Brazil; 
 55 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 a consolidation of a control valve operation in Burlington, Canada, into existing facilities; 

(3) 
 a consolidation of certain flow control operations in Houston, Texas, into a single new facility; 

(4) 
 a consolidation of a retail fueling dispenser manufacturing operation in Germany into an existing facility in Sweden; and 

(5) 
 the decision to outsource the manufacturing of certain blowers. The costs associated with these actions for the year ended December 31, 2004 are as follows: 

Description 
 
 Restructuring Charge 
 
 Cash Payments 

Non-Cash Charges 

Accrued at December 31, 2004 

(in millions) 
 
 Consolidate Berea operations 

Other exit activities 

0.3 

(0.1) 

(0.2) 

Consolidate Burlington operations 

Termination benefits 

2.4 

(2.0) 

0.4 
 
 Consolidate Houston operations 

Termination benefits and other exit activities 

3.2 

(3.1) 

0.1 
 
 Consolidate German retail fueling operations 

Termination benefits and other 

0.8 

0.8 
 
 Outsource the manufacturing of certain blowers 

Termination benefits and other 

0.3 

(0.3) 

Total 

7.0 

(5.5) 

(0.2) 

1.3 

The
restructuring charges by segment are as follows: 

Restructuring Charge 
 
 Cash Payments 

Non-Cash Charges 

Accrued at End of Year 

(in millions) 
 
 2004 

Flow control 

5.9 

(5.2) 

(0.2) 

0.5 
 
 Measurement systems 

0.8 

0.8 
 
 Compression and power systems 

0.3 

(0.3) 

Total at December 31, 2004 

7.0 

(5.5) 

(0.2) 

1.3 

2003 

Flow control 

10.2 

(4.3) 

(2.3) 

3.6 
 
 Measurement systems 

8.0 

(4.0) 

(0.6) 

3.4 
 
 Compression and power systems 

3.2 

(1.4) 

1.8 

Total at December 31, 2003 

21.4 

(9.7) 

(2.9) 

8.8 

2002 

Flow control 

3.9 

(1.4) 

(0.8) 

1.7 
 
 Measurement systems 

1.4 

(0.8) 

0.6 
 
 Compression and power systems 

0.7 

(0.7) 

Total at December 31, 2002 

6.0 

(2.9) 

(0.8) 

2.3 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our critical accounting policies are those accounting policies that involve the use of complicated processes assumptions
and/or judgments in the preparation of our financial statements. We have identified the following critical accounting policies for the current year. Inventory Obsolescence and Valuation A portion of our U.S. inventories are valued at the lower of cost using the Last-In, First-Out (LIFO) method for financial reporting purposes, or market.
The balance of the U.S. inventories and inventories of consolidated operations outside the U.S. are valued at the lower of cost or market, using either the First-In, First-Out (FIFO) or weighted average cost method or market. Reserves for excess and
obsolete inventories are based on an assessment of slow-moving and obsolete inventories, determined by historical usage and estimated future demand. Cyclical changes in demand, technological innovation and the impact of restructuring are among the
factors affecting increases or decreases in our level of reserves. This reserve is recorded as a charge to cost of revenues. Excess and obsolete inventory reserves were 44.3 million and 40.1 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.
 Specific applications of LIFO that we use allow us to estimate
inventories at the beginning of each year. We have not experienced LIFO volatility or significant inflation in recent years that would introduce significant susceptibility to estimate change. We also make ongoing estimates relating to the market value of inventories,
based upon our assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If we estimate that the net realizable value of our inventory is less than the cost of the inventory recorded on our books, we record a reserve equal to the difference between the
cost of the inventory and the estimated market value. This reserve is recorded as a charge to cost of revenues. If changes in market conditions result in reductions in the estimated market value of our inventory below our previous estimate, we would
increase our reserve in the period in which we made such a determination. However, once inventory is written down to net realizable value, that measure becomes the revised inventory cost and upward estimate revisions are not recognized. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill We account for long-lived assets and goodwill in accordance with the
provisions of SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , and SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. SFAS No. 144 requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. For long-lived assets to be held and used, we evaluate for impairment when indicators of impairment are present. If indicators are present, we then
must determine whether the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the long-lived asset in question is less than the carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds our estimate of future undiscounted cash flows, we then
calculate the impairment as the excess of the carrying value of the asset over our estimate of its fair market value. We estimate future undiscounted cash flows using assumptions about our expected future operating performance. Changes in the
expected operating performance of our product lines, restructuring activities, and changes in market demand for different product lines are among the factors affecting fair market value. Our estimates of undiscounted cash flows may differ from
actual cash flows due to, among other things, technological changes, economic conditions, or changes to our business operations. A long-lived asset s value is also dependent upon its estimated useful life. A change in the useful life of a
long-lived asset could result in higher or lower depreciation and amortization expense. If the asset s actual life is different than its estimated life, the asset could be over-valued or under-valued. For the year ended 2004 and 2003 we
recorded 63.8 million and 5.3 million of impairment charges related to the carrying value of our assets. Charges in 2003 primarily relate to property and equipment associated 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

with our restructuring programs and the impairment of software in our flow control segment. Charges in 2004 related to impairment charges associated with
goodwill attributed to our on/off valves product line. Assets
held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Should certain assets meet the criteria as assets held for sale, potential impairment could result if the fair value of the assets less costs to sell result
in a value that is lower than the carrying value of the assets. At December 31, 2004, we had 7.4 million of assets held for sale reflected in other assets on our balance sheet. Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and when events or circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. We complete a two step process to determine the amount of the impairment. The first step involves comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value to determine if any
impairment exists. The second step involves comparison of the implied fair value of the goodwill to the carrying value of the goodwill. The implied fair value of the goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a
business combination. In calculating an impairment charge, the fair value of the impaired reporting units underlying the segments are estimated using discounted cash flow methodology or recent comparable transactions. In making our assessment, we
rely on a number of factors, including operating results, business plans, economic projections, and anticipated future cash flows. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and judgment in applying these factors to our goodwill
impairment test. We recorded impairment charges of 63.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2004 associated with goodwill attributed to our on/off product line. At December 31, 2004 and 2003, we had 358.2 million and 315.2 million, respectively, of
goodwill on our balance sheet. Future restructuring
activities, unexpected significant declines in operating results of the reporting units, and protracted economic weakness may result in interim impairment testing which could result in future impairment charges for goodwill in quarters other than
the fourth quarter. Other Contingencies In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in legal proceedings
involving contractual and employment relationships, product liability claims, trademark rights, environmental issues and a variety of other matters. We record contingent liabilities resulting from claims against us when it is probable that a
liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, in some cases including judgments about the potential actions of third party claimants, courts and
indemnification provisions. Therefore, actual losses in future periods are inherently uncertain. If actual or estimated probable future losses exceed our recorded liability for such claims, we would record additional charges in selling, engineering,
administrative and general expenses during the period in which the actual loss or change in estimate occurred. During 2004, we launched an investigation concerning export sales by certain of our affiliates to U.S.-sanctioned countries. While our
investigation has been completed and voluntary disclosure reports have been submitted to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments, it remains unclear as to what extent the various activities reported to these government agencies violate U.S.
export control and economic sanctions regulations and what penalties the government agencies may seek to impose for conduct that is found to be unlawful. We estimate our minimum probable liability to be approximately 0.7 million, which we recorded
as a reserve in the fourth quarter of 2004. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies, for further information. Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits Pension expense is determined in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No.
87, Employers Accounting for Pensions and SFAS No. 88 Employers Accounting for Settlements and Curtailments of Defined Benefit Pension Plans and for Termination Benefits . Postretirement benefit expense is
determined in accordance with the provision of SFAS No. 106 Employers Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions. Our 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

accruals related to employee pension and other post-retirement benefits are based on actuarial calculations. In performing theses calculations, our actuaries
must use assumptions including those related to discount rates, health care cost trends, inflation, salary growth, long-term return on plan assets, retirement rates, mortality rates and other factors. These assumptions and their volatility are among
the factors that drive the changes in our pension and postretirement expense amounts and obligations. Actual results may differ from the assumptions included in these actuarial calculations, and as a result our estimates associated with our pension
and other post- retirement benefits can be, and often are, revised in the future, with either a regative or positive effect on the costs we recognize and the accruals we make. We estimate the long-term rate of return on plan assets will be 8.75 for
domestic plans and 2.5 to 10.0 for foreign plans. In addition, assumed healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect on amounts reported for the healthcare plans. A one-percent change in assumed healthcare cost trend rates would have the
following effect for the year ended December 31, 2004: 

1 Increase 
 
 1 Decrease 

(in millions) 

Service and interest cost components of net periodic post-retirement healthcare benefit costs 

1.5 

(1.2) 
 
 Healthcare cost component of the post-retirement benefit obligation 

18.4 

(15.1) 
 In accordance with
SFAS No. 87, a minimum pension liability is required to be recognized at year-end when the accumulated benefit obligation, or ABO, exceeds the fair value of pension plan assets. The minimum pension liability is included in non-current pension and
other retiree benefit obligations on the balance sheet. An offsetting charge is included as an intangible asset to the extent of unrecognized prior service cost, and the balance is included in accumulated other comprehensive income. Details regarding the minimum pension liability are as follows: 

December 31, 

2004 

2003 

(in millions) 

Minimum pension liability 

103.9 

102.5 

Less: intangible asset 

(14.9) 

(17.4) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

89.0 

85.1 

In general, we fund
our U.S. defined benefit plans at an amount equal to the minimum contribution required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. We may, from time to time, increase our contribution beyond this minimum, based on our tax and cash
position and the funded status of the plan. Funding for the remaining defined benefit plans outside the U.S. is based on legal requirements, tax considerations, investment opportunities, and customary business practices in such countries.
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2004 as Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2003 Consolidated The following table presents selected financial information regarding consolidated results for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 
 
 of Revenue 

2003 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

Change 

Change 

(in millions, except percentages) 

Revenue 

1,991.7 
 
 100.0 

1,661.1 
 
 100.0 

330.6 

19.9 

Cost of revenue 

1,440.6 
 
 72.3 

1,225.2 
 
 73.8 

215.4 

17.6 

Gross profit 

551.1 
 
 27.7 

435.9 
 
 26.2 

115.2 

26.4 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

454.1 
 
 22.8 

382.3 
 
 23.0 

71.8 

18.8 

Impairment of goodwill 

63.8 
 
 3.2 

63.8 

N.M. 

Operating income 

33.2 
 
 1.7 

53.6 
 
 3.2 

(20.4) 
 
 (38.1) 

Other items: 

Depreciation and amortization 

48.8 

44.0 

4.8 

10.9 

Restructuring charges 

7.1 

21.4 

(14.3) 
 
 (66.8) 
 
 Bookings 

2,086.9 

1,760.4 

326.5 

18.5 

Backlog 

654.9 

475.5 

179.4 

37.7 
 
 Revenues.
 Revenues in our flow control segment increased 40.2 million primarily due to stronger international demand in our control valves and pressure relief product lines and higher volume and favorable product mix in our remaining product lines.
Revenues in our measurement systems segment increased 175.2 million primarily due to the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business and higher sales volume related to dispensers and services. Revenue in our compression and power
systems segment increased 45.2 million primarily due to strengthening demand for natural gas compression and power generation products and aftermarket parts. In addition, revenue benefited from the favorable effect of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates of approximately 70.2 million. Gross Profit. Gross profit in our flow control segment increased 21.9 million primarily due to higher volume from strengthening demand and lower variable costs. Gross profit in our measurement systems segment increased 52.0 million
primarily due to the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business and increased demand. Gross profit in our compression and power systems segment increased 22.0 million primarily due to favorable mix and cost savings initiatives resulting
in lower variable costs. In addition, gross profit benefited from a favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of approximately 19.4 million. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 27.7 from 26.2 in 2003.
 Selling, Engineering, Administrative and General Expenses.
 Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses in our flow control segment increased due to 16.2 million in expense related to higher employee separation costs, higher commissions and increased marketing activity. Our measurement
systems segment increased 11.9 million due to higher incremental expenses associated with the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business. The compression and power systems segment contributed 12.6 million to the increase related to the
purchase of research and development technology for our natural gas engines business. In addition, selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses were unfavorably impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 12.7 million.
 Corporate and other expenses increased approximately 18.4
million primarily due to stock option expenses of 9.0 million which increased due to stock options issued during the third quarter of 2004 as well as the 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

accelerated vesting of stock options belonging to our former chief executive officer who resigned in December 2004. In addition to the acceleration of stock
options, we recorded approximately 4.3 million in severance benefits due to the resignation of our former chief executive officer. Corporate and other expenses also increased by 3.7 million due to the retirement of our prior chief executive
officer, who was re-instated as chief executive officer in December 2004, and other senior management. In addition, we recorded impairment charges of 63.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2004 associated with goodwill attributed to our on/off product line.
In the second quarter of 2005 we wrote-off, approximately 2.9 million of capitalized expenses associated with our previously announced initial public offering. The capitalized expenses are associated with costs which will no longer provide
value in our future initial public offering. During the third quarter of 2005, we determined to discontinue our previously announced plans to implement an ERP system after a pilot installation at our U.S. retail fueling operation indicated that the
intended benefits of the system would not be realized in a timely manner and the cost to complete the implementation at our other locations would be significantly higher than originally expected. Accordingly, we will incur exit costs in the third
quarter of 2005 of approximately 1.0 million in severance expenses and approximately 12 million in impaired assets. Interest Expense. Interest expense during 2004 was 91.1 million, or 5.6 million higher than 2003. The increase was due to the write-off of 11.6
million of unamortized deferred financing fees in March 2004 related to our debt refinancing partially offset by lower interest rates resulting in 1.9 million of less interest expense, lower amortization of financing fees of 3.1 million and
charges related to our 2003 interest rate swaps of 1.5 million. Provision for Income Taxes. Provision for income taxes for 2004 was 11.7 million, or 5.7 million lower than 2003. The decrease was due to changes in the distribution of pretax income across geographical jurisdictions with different
tax rates. In 2004, we continued to provide a full valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets and therefore, we have not provided any tax expense or benefit related to our U.S. operations during 2004. Bookings and Backlog. Bookings and backlog increased in our flow
control segment primarily due to stronger international demand which resulted in increased project orders, and in our measurement systems segment due to the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business. Bookings in our measurement systems
segment also increased due to stronger domestic and international demand. Bookings and backlog in our compression and power systems segment improved due to growth in our natural gas engines and aftermarket parts business as well as delayed shipments
due to supply chain constraints in both of these markets. Flow Control
 The following table presents selected financial
information regarding results for our flow control segment for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

of Revenue 

2003 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

Change 

Change 

(in millions, except percentages) 

Revenue 

1,086.7 

100.0 

996.8 
 
 100.0 

89.9 

9.0 

Cost of revenue 

780.9 

71.9 

726.4 
 
 72.9 

54.5 

7.5 

Gross profit 

305.8 

28.1 

270.4 
 
 27.1 

35.4 

13.1 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

251.4 

23.1 

224.8 
 
 22.6 

26.6 

11.8 

Impairment of goodwill 

63.8 

5.9 

63.8 

N.M. 

Operating income 

(9.4) 
 
 (0.9) 

45.6 
 
 4.5 

(55.0) 
 
 (120.6) 

Other items: 

Depreciation and amortization 

23.7 

24.8 

(1.1) 
 
 (4.4) 
 
 Restructuring charges 

5.9 

10.2 

(4.3) 
 
 (42.2) 
 
 Bookings 

1,155.3 

1,061.3 

94.0 

8.9 

Backlog 

446.6 

350.0 

96.6 

27.6 

61 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues. Revenues in our control valves product line increased 26.3 million due to continued
strengthening demand in Europe and Asia resulting in more project shipments during 2004. Our pressure relief product line experienced increased revenues of 13.1 million due to higher international project activity partially offset by a decline in
aftermarket parts sales in the United States. Higher sales volumes and favorable product mix improved revenues in our natural gas solutions product line by 15.5 million and in our instruments product line by 2.5 million. Revenues in our on/off
valves product line decreased 10.9 million primarily due to the sale of our LVF unit, which contributed 20.4 million during 2003, partially offset by higher sales volumes. Overall, our flow control segment revenues benefited from the favorable
impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 49.7 million. Gross Profit. Gross profit in our control valves product line increased 2.7 million due to increased volume partially offset by higher fixed costs. Gross profit in our pressure relief product line increased 8.9 million due to
higher volume associated with international project activity in 2004 and higher expenses for inventory shrinkage and doubtful accounts in 2003, partially offset by higher materials costs in 2004. Our natural gas solutions product line experienced
increased gross profit of 7.4 million primarily due to higher volumes and lower fixed costs resulting from cost savings achieved during 2004. Gross profit in our on/off valves product line increased 9.9 million due to lower variable costs in 2004
and higher expenses for inventory shrinkage recorded in 2003, partially offset by the sale of our LVF unit, which contributed 3.6 million during 2003. Overall, our flow control segment benefited from the favorable impact of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates of 13.5 million and lower restructuring charges of 3.3 million. The restructuring charges related to the consolidation of several valve and instrument operations. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to 28.1 
compared to 27.1 in 2003. Selling, Engineering, General
and Administrative Expenses. Selling, engineering, general and administrative expenses increased 10.6 million due to higher marketing and commission expenses related to volume growth. Also contributing to the increase were higher consulting
expenses and engineering-related technology costs of 10.0 million and the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 10.4 million. Partially offsetting these increases was the write-off of 2.4 million in software costs in
2003 that became impaired based on a decision to implement an ERP system and lower restructuring charges of 0.9 million. In addition, we recorded impairment charges of 63.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2004 associated with goodwill attributed to our on/off product line.
 Bookings and Backlog. Bookings and backlog improved
across all of our product lines primarily due to stronger international demand which resulted in increased project orders. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates positively impacted both bookings and backlog. The increase in bookings was
partially offset by the sale of our LVF unit which contributed 24.1 million in 2003. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Measurement Systems The following table presents selected financial information regarding results for our measurement systems segment for the years ended December 31, 2004
and 2003, respectively. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 
 
 of Revenue 

2003 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

Change 

Change 

(in millions, except percentages) 

Revenue 

589.5 
 
 100.0 

393.8 
 
 100.0 

195.7 

49.7 

Cost of revenue 

427.8 
 
 72.6 

290.0 
 
 73.6 

137.8 

47.5 

Gross profit 

161.7 
 
 27.4 

103.8 
 
 26.4 

57.9 

55.8 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

82.5 
 
 14.0 

68.3 
 
 17.3 

14.2 

20.8 

Operating income 

79.2 
 
 13.4 

35.5 
 
 9.1 

43.7 

123.1 

Other items: 

Depreciation and amortization 

9.7 

5.8 

3.9 

67.2 

Restructuring charges 

0.8 

8.0 

(7.2) 
 
 (90.0) 
 
 Bookings 

581.0 

399.0 

182.0 

45.6 

Backlog 

110.4 

57.3 

53.1 

92.7 
 
 Revenues. The
increase in revenues was primarily due to the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business, which contributed 106.0 million since June 2004. Our sales volume in the United States related to dispensers and services increased by 26.0
million for the full year. However our dispenser volume during the later portion of the third quarter and continuing throughout the fourth quarter of 2004 was negatively impacted by delays in deliveries related to an ERP systems implementation.
These delivery delays did not continue into 2005. Also contributing to the increase in 2004 was strong customer demand in Europe of 25.8 million and Brazil of 16.3 million and the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of
 20.5 million. Gross Profit. Gross profit was favorably
impacted by higher volume of 27.5 million in the United States and Europe, particularly in Germany and Scandinavia, and a favorable mix of systems software products in the United States and Germany of 5.5 million. Also contributing to the increase
was the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business, which contributed 17.2 million since June 2004, and the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 5.9 million. Gross profit in 2003 was negatively impacted by
transition services costs of 3.2 million associated with our acquisition of certain assets of Tokheim North America. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to 27.4 from 26.4 in 2003. During 2005, we have experienced a decline in our
margin associated with lower margin sales from our Nuovo Pignone business. We are currently evaluating various business strategies to recover our profit margin from this business. Selling, Engineering, Administrative and General Expenses. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses
increased due to the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business, which contributed 13.4 million since June 2004, and higher marketing and new product development costs of 5.2 million. We also experienced the unfavorable impact of
changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 2.3 million and slightly higher expenses associated with twelve months of operations in connection with Tokheim North America in 2004 compared with a partial year in 2003 of 1.9 million. Partially
offsetting the increase were lower restructuring expenses of 7.2 million incurred during 2003 in connection with the closure of our Einbeck, Germany, facility and the consolidation of our Canadian facilities. Bookings and Backlog. The acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone
distribution business contributed 94.4 million to bookings and 43.4 million to backlog. Stronger domestic and international demand for dispensers, systems and parts also increased bookings by 98.8 million. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Compression and Power Systems The following table presents selected financial information regarding results for our compression and power systems segment
for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 
 
 of Revenue 

2003 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

Change 

Change 

(in millions, except percentages) 

Revenue 

322.1 
 
 100.0 

276.9 
 
 100.0 

45.2 

16.3 

Cost of revenue 

239.8 
 
 74.5 

216.6 
 
 78.2 

23.2 

10.7 

Gross profit 

82.3 
 
 25.5 

60.3 
 
 21.8 

22.0 

36.5 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

60.3 
 
 18.7 

47.7 
 
 17.2 

12.6 

26.4 

Operating income 

22.0 
 
 6.8 

12.6 
 
 4.6 

9.4 

74.6 

Other items: 

Depreciation and amortization 

12.4 

10.6 

1.8 

17.0 

Restructuring charges 

0.3 

3.2 

(2.9) 
 
 (90.6) 
 
 Bookings 

350.5 

300.1 

50.4 

16.8 

Backlog 

97.9 

68.2 

29.7 

43.5 
 
 Revenues.
 Revenues increased by 16.1 million due to increased sales in the power generation market which experienced higher demand during the second half of 2004. Engine sales in the gas compression market increased 8.0 million also due to higher
demand; however, revenue growth in this sector was limited by supply chain constraints during the later part of 2004. Higher demand for aftermarket parts increased revenues by 12.4 million, although the last half of 2004 was negatively impacted by
delayed parts shipments due to supply chain constraints. These supply chain constraints have affected our ability to ship parts and reduce our backlog. Our industrial blowers business increased revenues by 8.0 million primarily due to market growth
in China, the Far East and the Middle East resulting in more product shipments during the later part of 2004. Gross Profit. Gross profit improved 17.4 million due to higher volume related to parts and engine sales and favorable variable costs of 8.4
million. While variable costs improved overall, we did experience higher metal prices and additional reserves for excess and obsolete inventory in 2004. In addition, strike-related costs and shipment delays resulted in higher than normal variable
costs in 2003. Gross profit also increased in our industrial blowers business by 2.7 million due to higher volume and favorable manufacturing costs resulting from cost savings achieved during 2004 and lower restructuring charges of 1.0 million.
Partially offsetting the increases in gross profit were higher manufacturing costs of 3.6 million. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to 25.5 from 21.8 in 2003. Selling, Engineering, Administrative and General Expenses. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses
increased primarily due to 12.3 million in expenses related to the purchase of research and development technology for our natural gas engines business and higher employee separation and retirement costs of 1.2 million. Partially offsetting the
increase was a gain of 1.7 million recorded in 2004 on the sale of land and lower restructuring charges of 1.8 million. Bookings and Backlog. Bookings and backlog improved due to growth in our natural gas engines and aftermarket parts business and increased demand in
wastewater treatment and the primary metals market in our industrial blowers business. Also contributing to the increase in backlog were delayed shipments due to supply chain constraints in our gas compression and aftermarket parts businesses.
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2003 as Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2002 Consolidated The following table presents selected financial information regarding consolidated results for the years ended December 31,
2003 and 2002, respectively. 

Year Ended December 31, 

of Revenue 

of Revenue 

Change 

Change 

2003 (Restated) 

2002 (Restated) 

(in millions, except percentages) 

Revenue 

1,661.1 
 
 100.0 

1,590.4 
 
 100.0 

70.7 

4.4 

Cost of revenue 

1,225.2 
 
 73.8 

1,163.6 
 
 73.2 

61.6 

5.3 

Gross profit 

435.9 
 
 26.2 

426.8 
 
 26.8 

9.1 

2.1 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

382.3 
 
 23.0 

341.8 
 
 21.5 

40.5 

11.8 

Operating income 

53.6 
 
 3.2 

85.0 
 
 5.3 

(31.4) 
 
 (36.9) 

Other items: 

Depreciation and amortization 

44.0 

43.3 

0.7 

1.6 

Restructuring charges 

21.4 

6.0 

15.4 

NM 

Bookings 

1,760.4 

1,622.6 

137.8 

8.5 

Backlog 

475.5 

350.7 

124.8 

35.6 
 
 Revenues.
 Revenues increased in our measurement systems segment by 63.5 million, primarily as a result of increased domestic and international customer demand and sales of products associated with the acquisition of certain assets of Tokheim North
America. In addition, we experienced a favorable impact due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 94.8 million. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in our flow control segment of 84.7 million, as several of our product
lines were impacted by weak markets in the first half of 2003. Our compression and power systems segment was unchanged as increased demand in the fourth quarter offset previous declines due to the effects of a labor strike and weak natural gas
compression demand. Cost of Revenues. The increase in
costs as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to the effects of the strike, a reduction in sales of certain relatively high margin gas compression related equipment, restructuring charges of 5.3 million and transition related expenses
attributed to the acquisition of certain assets from Tokheim North America in 2003. These effects were partially offset by better absorption of manufacturing costs due to increased sales volumes in our measurement systems segment. We also
experienced an unfavorable impact due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 75.6 million. Gross Profit. Gross profit increased 9.1 million, or 2.1 , to 435.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2003, compared to 426.8 million for
the year ended December 31, 2002. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit decreased to 26.2 in 2003 from 26.8 in 2002, as a result of the factors discussed above. Selling, Engineering, Administrative and General Expenses. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses
increased due to approximately 12.6 million in expenses associated with the restatement and re-audit of our 2001 financial statements and an additional 8.0 million in expenses due to the acquisition of certain assets of Tokheim North America. We
also incurred restructuring expenses in our business segments of approximately 16.1 million in 2003 and our flow control segment abandoned approximately 2.4 million of under-development software costs in 2003 that became impaired when we decided
to implement a global ERP system. Overall, we experienced an unfavorable impact due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 17.6 million. As a percentage of revenues, these costs rose to 23.0 of revenues in 2003 compared to 21.5 of
revenues in 2002. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased 9.8 million or 10.3 to 85.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2003, compared to 95.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2002. This variance was primarily a result of a charge taken in 2002 for the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees. In 2002, we extinguished our Tranche A
term loan and made optional pre-payments on our Tranche B term loan and, as a result, wrote-off 10.1 million of unamortized deferred financing fees. During 2003, we recorded a 1.1 million charge for the write-off of unamortized deferred financing
fees as a result of the optional prepayments on our Tranche B term loan. Provision for Income Taxes. Provision for income taxes increased 3.4 million to 17.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2003, compared to 14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2002. The provision
for income taxes was impacted by changes in the geographical distribution of taxable income in various foreign jurisdictions. We have provided a full valuation allowance against domestic deferred tax assets. Therefore, no deferred income tax expense
or benefit has been recorded during the periods indicated above for our U.S. operations. Bookings and Backlog. The increase in bookings was primarily attributable to 118.8 million in our flow control segment due to increased international project activity and the effects of foreign currency
appreciation. Higher bookings in our measurement systems segment of 94.8 million benefited from the purchase of certain assets from Tokheim North America and higher demand in both domestic and international markets. Higher bookings in our
compression and power systems segment of 33.7 million were due to higher demand for parts and engines. The increase in backlog was attributable to increases in all business segments. Flow Control The following table presents selected financial information regarding results for our flow control segment for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

2002 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

Change 

Change 

(in millions, except percentages) 

Revenue 

996.8 
 
 100.0 

1,004.9 
 
 100.0 

(8.1) 
 
 (0.8) 
 
 Cost of revenue 

726.4 
 
 72.9 

726.4 
 
 72.3 

N.M 

Gross profit 

270.4 
 
 27.1 

278.5 
 
 27.7 

(8.1) 
 
 (2.9) 
 
 Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

224.8 
 
 22.6 

206.8 
 
 20.6 

18.0 

8.7 

Operating income 

45.6 
 
 4.5 

71.7 
 
 7.1 

(26.1) 
 
 (36.4) 

Other items: 

Depreciation and amortization 

24.8 

25.0 

(0.2) 
 
 (0.8) 
 
 Restructuring charges 

10.2 

3.9 

6.3 

161.5 

Bookings 

1,061.3 

942.5 

118.8 

12.6 

Backlog 

350.0 

265.9 

84.1 

31.6 
 
 Revenues.
 Revenues decreased primarily as a result of volume fluctuations across all of our product lines. Our natural gas solutions product line experienced a decline in volume of approximately 3.2 million as a result of a continued downturn in the
North American local gas distribution markets. Our control valves product line decreased 33.9 million due to a decline in volume as a result of major project shipments that occurred in 2002 but which were not repeated in 2003. Our pressure relief
product line experienced a decline in volume of approximately 3.9 million as a result of the general downturn in new construction project business. In addition, our instruments product line experienced a decline in volume of approximately 3.1
million primarily due to 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

continued economic weakness in its U.S.-based markets. Our on/off product line experienced lower volumes of approximately 40.2 million due to the
substantial completion of the Barracuda-Caratinga project in 2002. Partially offsetting these decreases was the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 76.6 million. Gross Profit. Gross profit decreased due to the revenue decrease in
our product lines, as well as 3.8 million in restructuring charges to cost of revenues in 2003. Overall, gross profit was favorably impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit decreased to 27.1 
compared to 27.7 for 2002. Selling, Engineering,
Administrative and General Expenses. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses increased due to higher selling expenses in all of our product lines of 1.8 million and higher engineering costs of 2.2 million. In addition, we
incurred restructuring charges of 6.4 million, and costs associated with the abandonment of under-development software of 2.4 million which became impaired when we decided to implement a global ERP system. Overall, the flow control segment was
unfavorably impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Bookings and Backlog. Bookings and backlog increased as a result of strong bookings for international projects in our on/off and control valve product lines. Measurement Systems The following table presents selected financial information regarding results for our measurement systems segment for the years ended December 31, 2003
and 2002, respectively. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

2002 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

Change 
 
 Change 

(in millions, except percentages) 

Revenue 

393.8 
 
 100.0 

312.1 
 
 100.0 

81.7 
 
 26.2 

Cost of revenue 

290.0 
 
 73.6 

232.8 
 
 74.6 

57.2 
 
 24.6 

Gross profit 

103.8 
 
 26.4 

79.3 
 
 25.4 

24.5 
 
 30.9 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

68.3 
 
 17.3 

55.0 
 
 17.6 

13.3 
 
 24.2 

Operating income 

35.5 
 
 9.1 

24.3 
 
 7.8 

11.2 
 
 46.1 

Other items: 

Depreciation and amortization 

5.8 

5.1 

0.7 
 
 13.7 

Restructuring charges 

8.0 

1.4 

6.6 
 
 NM 

Bookings 

399.0 

304.2 

94.8 
 
 31.2 

Backlog 

57.3 

42.9 

14.4 
 
 33.6 
 
 Revenues.
 Revenues increased due to sales of approximately 33.3 million related to the acquisition of certain assets of Tokheim North America and increased revenue of 13.0 million attributed to dispensers, 2.0 million attributed to systems and
 9.0 million attributed to services in both domestic and international markets. In addition, we experienced the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 18.2 million. Gross Profit. Gross profit increased primarily due to better
absorption of manufacturing costs from increased sales volumes of approximately 11.9 million and the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 4.5 million. The positive contribution to gross profit from sales volume
associated with the acquisition of certain assets of Tokheim North America of 13.4 million was mitigated in part by transition- 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

related expenses and higher operating costs in the first quarter of the year as we consolidated the Tokheim North America assets into our existing business.
As a result of our German restructuring, we also experienced lower volumes and higher manufacturing costs of 4.4 million as we shifted production from Germany to Sweden, partially offsetting the volume-related margin increase realized in this
segment. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to 26.4 compared to 25.4 for 2002. Selling, Engineering, Administrative and General Expenses. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses increased primarily due to
higher restructuring charges of 6.6 million and higher expenses due to the acquisition of certain assets of Tokheim North America of 8.0 million. In addition, we experienced the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of
 3.4 million. Bookings and Backlog. Bookings rose
primarily as a result of increased bookings to our domestic and international customers as well as the acquisition of certain assets of Tokheim North America. This increase was offset in part by declines in bookings from our major oil company
customers. Compression and Power Systems The following table presents selected financial information regarding
results for our compression and power systems segment for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2003 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

2002 (Restated) 
 
 of Revenue 

Change 

Change 

(in millions, except percentages) 

Revenue 

276.9 
 
 100.0 

277.1 
 
 100.0 

(0.2) 
 
 (0.1) 
 
 Cost of revenue 

216.6 
 
 78.2 

208.5 
 
 75.2 

8.1 

3.9 

Gross profit 

60.3 
 
 21.8 

68.6 
 
 24.8 

(8.3) 
 
 (12.1) 
 
 Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

47.7 
 
 17.2 

51.4 
 
 18.6 

(3.7) 
 
 (7.2) 

Operating income 

12.6 
 
 4.6 

17.2 
 
 6.2 

(4.6) 
 
 (26.7) 

Other items: 

Depreciation and amortization 

10.6 

12.2 

(1.6) 
 
 (13.1) 
 
 Restructuring charges 

3.2 

0.7 

2.5 

NM 

Bookings 

300.1 

266.4 

33.7 

12.7 

Backlog 

68.2 

41.9 

26.3 

62.8 
 
 Revenues.
 Revenues decreased due to lower demand for gas compression related products of 7.7 million and strike-related production delays in early 2003 of 11.7 million, which were offset towards the end of 2003 by increased sales of small engines, power
generation products and aftermarket parts of 17.0 million. Sales of smaller sized engines improved in the area of shallow well gas compression applications in North America. Power generation related products showed some improvement as a result of a
41 increase in sales of small engines while aftermarket parts sales volume increased by approximately 5.5 million. Gross Profit. Gross profit decreased primarily as a result of the Waukesha strike which contributed approximately 11.2 million in additional
expenses, partially offset by higher sales volume in the latter part of 2003. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit decreased to 21.8 compared to 24.8 for 2002. Selling, Engineering, Administrative and General Expenses. Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses
decreased 4.7 million due to cost savings related to a reduction in our work-force and outsourcing the manufacturing of certain blowers. The effects of these initiatives however, were partially offset by strike-related costs of 1.8 million and
higher restructuring charges of 2.5 million in 2003. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Bookings and Backlog. Bookings increased primarily due to higher demand for parts and engines of
12.2 . Backlog increased primarily due to strike-related production delays. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our primary
source of cash is from operations. The primary uses are to fund principal and interest payments on our debt, working capital and capital expenditures. We expect to fund these cash needs with operating cash flows and, if necessary, borrowings under
the revolving credit portion of our credit facility. Cash and
cash equivalents were 98.6 million, and 149.0 million, as of December 31, 2004, and 2003, respectively. A significant portion of our cash and cash equivalents are utilized in our international operations and may not be immediately available to
service debt in the United States. In addition, due to our geographic diversity, our cash requirements tend to be higher than the requirements for similar, but less diverse companies. Cash flows provided by operating activities were 33.0 million in 2004 compared to 75.8 million in 2003. The year-over-year
decrease of 42.8 million primarily resulted from changes in working capital and results of operations. Changes in working capital were the result of an increase in accounts receivable of 88.2 million, primarily due to increased sales volumes
across most of our product lines and the acquisition of Nuovo Pignone, and an increase in accounts payable of 55.1 million also due to higher sales volume across all product lines. Net loss in 2004, which includes an impairment charge of 63.8
million recorded in the fourth quarter of 2004 associated with goodwill attributed to our on/off valves product line, was 63.9 million compared to a 37.9 million loss in 2003. Cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2004 were 209.7 million. This was primarily the
result of the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business in June 2004 for approximately 165 million and capital expenditures of 50.8 million. Cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2004 were 121.2 million, resulting primarily from the 175 million add-on to
our Tranche C term loan in June 2004 partially offset by 55.0 million in prepayments of our Tranche C term loan. Long-Term Debt Summary 

(in millions) 
 
 Total long-term debt, including current maturities outstanding at December 31, 2004: 

9 3 / 8 
senior subordinated notes 

554.3 
 
 Tranche C term loan 

380.0 
 
 Senior unsecured term loan 

125.0 
 
 Other debt 

5.7 

Total long-term debt, including current maturities 

1,065.0 

In connection with our
recapitalization transaction in 2001, we issued 300 million of 9 3 / 8 senior subordinated notes due April 2011
and obtained a credit facility. The notes may be redeemed beginning April 15, 2006 and the initial redemption price is 104.688 of the principal amount plus accrued interest. In March 2002, we issued an additional 250 million of notes also due
April 2011. The additional notes were issued at 102.5 of their principal amounts and we recorded 6.3 million of premium, which is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes. The net proceeds from the issuance of the additional
notes were used to repay existing indebtedness. At December 31, 2004, 4.3 million of unamortized bond premium related to the senior subordinated notes remained. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Also during 2001, we obtained an eight-year 455.0 million Tranche B term loan under our then existing
credit facility and made subsequent payments during 2001, 2002 and 2003. In March 2004, we entered into an amendment to our credit facility and refinanced 381.6 million of our Tranche B term loan with a new six-year 125 million senior unsecured
term loan, which matures in April 2009, and a new 260 million Tranche C term loan, which matures in April 2009. The Tranche B term loan was paid in full with the completion of the refinancing. The 125 million senior unsecured term loan bears an
interest rate of LIBOR plus 3.5 and the Tranche C term loan bears an interest rate of LIBOR plus 2.5 . We elected to prepay 25 million of our Tranche C term loan at the time the refinancing was completed. In connection with the refinancing, we
expensed approximately 11.3 million in deferred financing cost associated with the Tranche B term loan, which was reflected in interest expense. The covenants contained in the agreement governing our new senior unsecured term loan are similar to
those included in the indenture governing our senior subordinated notes. In June 2004, in conjunction with the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business, we obtained an additional 175 million of borrowings under our Tranche C term
loan, which included approximately 3.2 million in capitalized financing fees. In July, August and October 2004, we made optional prepayments of 10 million each. As a result of the optional prepayments, no mandatory principal payments are due on
our Tranche C term loan until March 2008. In November 2005, we
sold substantially all of our on/off valves business and our instruments business and used 215 million of net cash proceeds to repay a portion of our Tranche C term loan. The Brazilian portion of the on/off valves business is awaiting Brazilian
regulatory confirmation of transfer permits and tax documentation, which we expect to be completed in early 2006. We expect to apply the net cash proceeds of 21.3 million relating to the sale of our Brazilian on/off business to the repayment of a
portion of our indebtedness. The loans and other obligations
under the credit facility are guaranteed by our direct parent, Dresser Holdings, Inc., and all of our existing and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. Our obligations and the guarantees are secured by (a) all or
substantially all of the material property and assets, real or personal now owned or hereafter acquired by us or the guarantors and (b) all proceeds and products of the property and assets described in clause (a) above. The credit agreement, as amended to the date of this report, limits our
ability to, among other things: (i) declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock; (ii) prepay, redeem or purchase debt; (iii) incur liens and engage in sale-leaseback transactions; (iv) make loans and investments; (v) incur
additional indebtedness; (vi) amend or otherwise alter debt and other material agreements; (vii) make capital expenditures; (viii) engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales; (ix) transact with affiliates; and (x) alter the business we conduct.
We are also required to indemnify the agent and lenders and comply with specified financial and affirmative covenants including a total debt to EBITDA ratio and an interest coverage ratio. EBITDA is defined in our credit agreement and indenture to
exclude certain unusual charges and other items and hence is not calculated in the same manner as the EBITDA presented in Item 6 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As part of our credit agreement, beginning with fiscal year end 2002, we are required to make a mandatory prepayment, 90
days after year end, if our total debt to EBITDA ratio, as defined, is above certain levels. If our total debt to EBITDA ratio is in excess of 4.00 to 1.00 we will be required to pay 75 of excess cash flow, as defined in the credit agreement. If
the total debt to EBITDA ratio is above 2.50 to 1.00 and below 4.00 to 1.00, then we will be required to pay 50 of excess cash flow as defined under the agreement. If the total debt to EBITDA ratio is equal to or less than 2.50 to 1.00, no such
payment is required. To date, we have not been required to make any mandatory prepayments. During 2005, we entered into several amendments and waivers to our credit agreement that, among other things, amended certain financial covenants under our senior secured credit facility and extended to
February 15, 2006, our deadline for providing our senior lenders with audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2004, and restated audited financial statements, to the extent that financial statements for earlier years are
required to be restated in connection with the preparation of the 2004 financial statements. The 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

amendments also waived any default or event of default relating in any respect to the re-audit, revision or restatement of any financial statement delivered
to the lenders prior to February 15, 2006, including any default or event of default relating in any respect to any errors contained in such financial statements. In addition, during 2005, we entered into several consents and waivers to our senior unsecured term loan agreement and
extended to February 15, 2006, the deadline for providing our lenders under the senior unsecured term loan agreement with audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2004 and extended to February 15, 2006, our deadline for
providing these lenders with unaudited financial statements for the first, second and third fiscal quarters of 2005. The consents also waived any default or event of default relating in any respect to the re-audit, revision or restatement of any
financial statement delivered to the lenders under the credit agreement prior to February 15, 2006, including any default or event of default relating in any respect to any errors contained in such financial statements. Prior to the filing of this Form 10-K with the SEC, we had not timely
furnished certain annual and quarterly financial information required to be contained in our 2004 Form 10-K and our 2005 First, Second and Third Quarter Reports on Form 10-Q, respectively, as required by Section 4.03(a) of the indenture governing
our senior subordinated notes. In addition, because of the restatement of prior period financial information described in this Form 10-K, certain of our prior SEC filings may be deemed not to have complied with Section 4.03(a). On
December 6, 2005, we commenced a solicitation of consents from the holders of these notes and, on December 19, 2005, executed a supplemental indenture extending the financial statement delivery requirement to February 15, 2006 and
waiving past defaults. With the filing of this Form 10-K and the filing of our 2005 First, Second and Third Quarter Reports on Form 10-Q, we will satisfy the applicable requirements of, and cure any default that may have been deemed to exist under
Section 4.03(a) of the indenture. We have a 100.0 million
revolving credit facility, of which 43.4 million was available subject to certain conditions, and 56.6 million was utilized for letters of credit as of December 31, 2004. As of December 31, 2004, required payments of outstanding debt consisted of
 0.8 million in 2005, 0.8 million in 2006, 0.4 million in 2007, 191.4 million in 2008, 189.0 million in 2009 and 675.0 million thereafter. We believe cash flows from operating activities combined with availability under our credit agreement will be sufficient to enable us to meet our cash
flow needs for the next twelve months. Our long-term ability
to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including our credit facility, our senior unsecured term loan and our senior subordinated notes, to achieve specified financial ratios required under our credit agreement, and to fund future
acquisitions, planned capital expenditures and research and development efforts will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and
other factors that are beyond our control. However, based on our current level of operations and anticipated cost savings and operating improvements, we believe our cash flows from operations and available cash will allow us to achieve our required
financial ratios, and together with available borrowings under the revolving portion of our credit facility, will be adequate to meet our future liquidity needs for at least the next few years. We cannot be assured, however, that our business will
generate sufficient cash flows from operations, that currently anticipated cost savings and operating improvements will be realized on schedule or that future borrowings will be available to us under the revolving credit portion of our credit
facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to achieve our financial ratios or to pay or refinance our indebtedness, including our credit facility, our senior unsecured term loan or our senior subordinated notes, or to fund our acquisition
strategy or meet our other liquidity needs. If we are unable to achieve the financial ratios specified in our credit facility, we could be required to seek approval from our senior lenders to modify these ratios. In the past, we have had to seek
approval for the modification of these financial ratios. In addition, if we consummate an acquisition, our debt service requirements could increase, which could adversely impact our future earnings. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness, including our
credit facility, our senior unsecured term loan or senior subordinated notes, on or before maturity. We cannot be assured that we will be 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

able to refinance any of our indebtedness, including our credit facility, our senior unsecured term loan and our senior subordinated notes, on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. See Item 1. Business Certain Risk Factors Restrictive covenants in our senior secured credit facility, the indenture governing our senior subordinated notes and our senior unsecured term loan may restrict
our ability to pursue our business strategies. We may
from time to time seek to retire our outstanding debt through cash repurchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on
prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. In addition, we may elect to issue additional shares to finance future acquisitions or to meet our other
liquidity needs. Any future equity issuances will dilute the ownership interest in our company and may adversely impact earnings per share in future periods. Contractual Obligations and Commitments The following tables set forth cash obligations relative to principal and contingent liabilities or letters of credit at December 31, 2004 for the next
several years: 

2005 
 
 2006 
 
 2007 
 
 2008 
 
 2009 
 
 2010 and Thereafter 
 
 Total 

(in millions) 
 
 Contractual Cash Obligations 

Long-Term Debt(1) 

0.8 

0.8 

0.4 

191.4 

189.0 

675.0 

1,057.4 
 
 Capital Lease Obligations 

2.4 

0.5 

0.2 

0.1 

3.2 
 
 Operating Leases 

19.6 

14.8 

9.4 

7.1 

6.1 

14.0 

71.0 
 
 Purchase Obligations(2) 

26.4 

8.7 

5.4 

40.5 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits(3) 

28.8 

30.1 

30.4 

30.9 

31.9 

171.9 

324.0 

Total Contractual Cash Obligations 

78.0 

54.9 

45.8 

229.5 

227.0 

860.9 

1,496.1 

(1) 
 Excludes a 4.3 million premium, which is being amortized over the term of the notes. 

(2) 
 Represents significant vendor purchase commitments. 

(3) 
 Estimated cash obligations for benefit payments through 2013. 

2005 
 
 2006 
 
 2007 
 
 2008 
 
 2009 
 
 2010 and Thereafter 
 
 Total 

(in millions) 
 
 Commitments 

Letters of Credit 

35.6 

17.5 

2.3 

1.2 

56.6 

Total Commitments 

35.6 

17.5 

2.3 

1.2 

56.6 

New Accounting Pronouncements
Issued But Not Yet Adopted There are several accounting
standards and interpretations that have not yet been adopted by us. Below is a discussion of significant standards that may impact us. Inventory Costing . In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 151, Inventory Costs an Amendment of ARB No. 43, Chapter 4 . This
statement clarifies the accounting for idle facility expense, freight, handling costs and wasted material to require these items to be expensed as current period charges, regardless of whether they meet the criterion of abnormal 
previously defined in ARB No. 43. This statement also requires that allocation of fixed production overheads to the costs of conversion be based on the normal capacity of the production facilities. The provisions of this statement are effective for
fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2005. We are currently evaluating the effects of this pronouncement. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123(R),
 Share Based Payments , which establishes standards for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services. This standard requires a public entity to measure the cost of employee services received in
exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. This eliminates the exception to account for such awards using the intrinsic method previously allowable under APB Opinion No. 25. In March 2005, the
Securities and Exchange Commission released Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 107, Share Based Payments , which expresses views of the Staff about the application of SFAS No. 123(R). SFAS No. 123(R) is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning on or after June 15, 2005. We previously adopted the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation , on January 1, 2004, using the modified prospective method of adoption as
provided by SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation Transition and Disclosure . We are currently evaluating the effects of this pronouncement. Accounting for Deferred Taxes on Foreign Earnings . In December 2004, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) No.
109-1, Application of FASB Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, for the Tax Deduction Provided to U.S. Based Manufacturers by the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (the Act . The Act includes tax relief for
domestic manufacturers by providing a tax deduction up to 9 percent of the lesser of qualified production activities income , as defined by the Act, or taxable income. FSP No. 109-1 clarified that the domestic manufacturing deduction
should be accounted for as a special deduction in accordance with SFAS No. 109 and not as a tax rate reduction. In December 2004, the FASB also issued FSP No. 109-2, Accounting and Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign Earnings Repatriation Provision within the
American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 . FSP No. 109-2 clarified the existing accounting literature that requires companies to record deferred taxes on foreign earnings, unless they intend to indefinitely reinvest those earnings outside the U.S.
This pronouncement will temporarily allow companies that are evaluating whether to repatriate foreign earnings under the Act to delay recognizing any related taxes until that decision is made. This pronouncement also requires companies that are
considering repatriating earnings to disclose the status of their evaluation and the potential amounts being considered for repatriation. The provisions within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 and the related accounting guidance specified in FSP No. 109-1 and 109-2 will not affect our
operations or financial results due to our net operating loss carryforward and corresponding valuation allowance. Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets. In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 153, Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets , which eliminates the
exception for nonmonetary exchanges of similar productive assets and replaces it with a general exception for exchanges of nonmonetary assets that do not have commercial substance. SFAS No. 153 will be effective for nonmonetary asset exchanges
occurring in fiscal periods beginning after June 15, 2005. We do not believe the adoption of SFAS No. 153 will have a material impact on our financial statements. Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations. In March 2005, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation (FIN) No. 47,
 Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations . FIN No. 47 requires companies to record a liability for those asset retirement obligations in which the timing or amount of settlement of the obligation are uncertain. FIN No. 47
will require us to accrue a liability when a range of scenarios indicate that the potential timing and settlement amounts of our conditional asset retirement obligations can be determined. We will adopt the provisions of this standard in the fourth
quarter of 2005 and have not yet determined the impact, if any, that this pronouncement will have on our financial statements. Accounting Changes and Error Corrections . In June 2005, the SFAS issued FASB No. 154, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, which
requires the retrospective application of changes to accounting principles, changes in estimates, and reporting entities. SFAS No. 154 will be effective for accounting changes and 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

corrections occurring in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2005. We will adopt the provisions of this standard in the first quarter of 2006 and we do
not believe this standard will have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK In the normal course of business, we employ financial instruments to manage exposure to fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies and interest
rates. It is our policy to utilize these financial instruments only where necessary to manage such exposures. The use of these financial instruments modifies the exposure of these risks with the intent to reduce the risk and variability to us. We do
not enter into these transactions for speculative purposes. We
are exposed to foreign currency fluctuation as a result of our international sales, production and investment activities. Our foreign currency risk management objective is to reduce the variability in the amount of expected future cash flows from
sales and purchases that are the result of changes in exchange rates relative to the business unit s functional currency. We use forward exchange contracts to hedge certain firm commitments and the related receivables and payables. Generally,
all firmly committed and anticipated transactions that are hedged are to be recognized within twelve months. Our financial performance is also exposed to movements in short-term floating market interest rates. Our objective in managing this interest rate exposure
is to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows, and to reduce overall borrowing costs. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides information about our derivative instruments and other financial instruments
that are sensitive to foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. For foreign currency forward exchange agreements, the table presents the notional amounts and weighted-average exchange rates by expected (contractual) maturity
dates. For debt obligations, the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates. Weighted average variable rates are based on the implied forward rate in the yield curve. 

December 31, 2004 

December 31, 2003 

Carrying Amount 
 
 Fair Value 

Carrying Amount 

Fair Value 

2005 

2006 

2007 

2008 

2009 

Thereafter 

Total 

(in millions) 

Related forward contracts to sell USD 

Japanese Yen 

Contract Amount 

0.4 

0.4 

Avg. Contract Rate 

107.7475 

Euro 

Contract Amount 

82.9 

82.9 

4.2 

53.5 

4.0 

Avg. Contract Rate 

1.2641 

1.1507 

Canadian Dollar 

Contract Amount 

22.4 

22.4 

Avg. Contract Rate 

1.2316 

Related forward contracts to sell GBP 

Euro 

Contract Amount 

0.3 

0.3 

0.2 

Avg. Contract Rate 

0.6990 

0.7002 

Related forward contracts to buy USD 

South African Rand 

Contract Amount 

1.5 

1.5 

(0.2) 

0.5 

Avg. Contract Rate 

6.4447 

6.9107 

Euro 

Contract Amount 

4.6 

3.3 

7.9 

13.1 

(0.4) 
 
 Avg. Contract Rate 

1.1782 

1.3406 

1.1555 

Japanese Yen 

Contract Amount 

5.6 

13.1 

18.7 

24.6 

Avg. Contract Rate 

111.1047 

101.6900 

108.2295 

British Pound 

Contract Amount 

2.6 

2.4 

5.0 

12.4 

Avg. Contract Rate 

1.4734 

1.9034 

1.6619 

Canadian Dollar 

Contract Amount 

27.9 

15.8 

43.7 

30.9 

Avg. Contract Rate 

1.3148 

1.2284 

1.3306 

Related forward contracts to buy JPY 

Euro 

Contract Amount 

1.1 

1.1 

(0.1) 

Avg. Contract Rate 

132.12 

Related forward contracts to buy EUR 

South African Rand 

Contract Amount 

0.1 

0.1 

0.5 

Avg. Contract Rate 

8.1601 

8.3851 

Related forward contracts to buy GBP 

Euro 

Contract Amount 

0.5 

0.5 

Avg. Contract Rate 

0.7045 

Long-term debt 

U.S. Dollar Functional Currency 

Fixed Rate 

2.7 

0.8 

0.7 

0.7 

0.7 

550.9 

556.5 

604.5 

559.1 

602.8 

Average Interest Rate 

9.31 

9.32 

9.34 

9.35 

9.36 

9.37 

9.33 

Variable Rate 

191.0 

189.0 

125.0 

505.0 

513.4 

381.6 

381.6 

Average Interest Rate 

6.59 

7.22 

7.65 

8.59 

Euro Functional Currency 

Fixed Rate 

1.1 

1.2 

0.7 

0.5 

3.5 

3.4 

3.4 

3.5 

Average Interest Rate 

4.45 

4.44 

4.41 

4.41 

8.49 

75 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The independent registered public accounting firm s reports, financial statements and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index
are filed as part of this report. See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES We are committed to maintaining disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and the Board of Directors, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures and
implementing controls and procedures based on the application of management s judgment. Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management and our independent registered public accounting firm have identified material weaknesses regarding elements of our internal control over financial reporting. The Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board s Auditing Standard No. 2 defines a material weakness as a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected. As a result of these material weaknesses, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2004, the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. To address the material
weaknesses, we performed additional analyses and other post-closing procedures to ensure that the consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the
financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. The six material weaknesses that have been identified, and the steps we have taken and continue to take to remediate the
material weaknesses, are: 

An ineffective control environment in our finance organization, including inadequate accounting policies, procedures, training, experience, communication and oversight. 
 Our independent registered
public accounting firm first identified this as a reportable condition to management in connection with the preparation of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2002. Corporate accounting does not have enough insight
into operations to 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

adequately identify issues, and our field personnel do not possess the necessary accounting expertise to accurately record transactions in instances
involving non-routine entries or complex accounting or recognize the need to request assistance from corporate accounting. There is also inadequate understanding among our business unit accounting staff with respect to the proper application of
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and our accounting policies. Other contributing factors include the complexity of our consolidation process, particularly with respect to multiple legal entities and operational units;
inadequate and disparate computer systems and numerous accounting centers. Also contributing to the condition is a lack of precision at certain operations in the application of our accounting policies, including the reconciliation of accounts to the
general ledger, and inconsistent application of these policies with respect to inventory costing, bad debts, sales allowances, inventory reserves, property, warranty and various expense accruals. We recently discontinued our previously announced plans to
develop an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system after a pilot installation at our U.S. retail fueling operation indicated we would not realize the intended benefits in a timely manner. We are currently reviewing options for other business units
and expect to have a strategy developed before year-end 2005 that will address the overall control environment in our finance organization. To remediate these deficiencies, we have taken steps to increase the consistency and transparency of our consolidation and financial
reporting processes. We are installing a new consolidation systems package which will provide more robust tools for data collection, consolidations, and translations and will enhance the reporting process on a company-wide basis. We expect to
complete the installation of this consolidation system by mid-2006. We have directed numerous senior managers whom we hired in the last two years, each with the requisite training and experience, to assist in improving the quality of our controls and procedures by developing
additional risk-based policies and procedures. These individuals include a new Vice President of Finance who is responsible for streamlining the financial organization, reducing the number of accounting centers and increasing the accounting
staff s expertise, education and professionalism, a Director of Accounting, and a new Director of Internal Audit, who reports directly to our chief executive officer and Audit Committee and is actively working with management to enhance the
effectiveness of our internal audit function. Within the last two years, we have also appointed new controllers at seven of our eight principal operating units, and we have increased the competency of our corporate accounting staff. We have hired a Director of Financial Programs and Control
and have dedicated ten individuals with appropriate qualifications to prepare to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which we will be required to be in compliance with by December 31, 2007, under our current filing status.
Should we issue public equity before July 1, 2006, and otherwise satisfy the definition of an accelerated filer under applicable SEC rules, we will be required to be in compliance with Section 404 by December 31, 2006. We have also hired
highly skilled personnel and other expert consultants at both the corporate and business unit levels. We have commenced projects to update policies and procedures and to enhance overall company-level controls. All significant locations are being
evaluated as to their financial reporting controls. Finally, in 2004 we launched a virtual learning center designed to provide employees with educational opportunities on a variety of functional topics including finance, information technology and
regulations impacting our business, human resources and general management. In August 2005, we conducted a high-level meeting to, among other things, discuss the weaknesses identified above and develop strategies for addressing them. The meeting included the senior representatives from the
Accounting and Finance teams from each operation worldwide. In summary, we have instituted, and continue to improve, numerous processes and procedures in order to remediate this weakness. We have enhanced training, review processes, communications, 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

systems and quality of personnel over the last two years to address the overall indicators of this complex and embedded problem. We have also retained
outside consultants to help with this effort. We expect to have this weakness fully resolved by year-end 2006. 

Insufficient monitoring and accounting for transactions that are non-routine, or subject to new or complex accounting. Management first identified this material weakness using
indicators detailed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2004 as well as the information used in the preparation of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. This material weakness affects several
of our operating units. We determined that this material weakness resulted from insufficient review processes at both the business unit and corporate levels and that an appropriate review at all levels did not exist. Moreover, personnel at our
various business units were failing to report new agreements or transactions to our accounting department, which resulted in inaccurate accounting. To remediate this material weakness, we have significantly increased the number and skills of management and staff personnel in our
accounting and finance departments to increase our depth of experience in accounting, SEC reporting matters and internal audit, and have recently implemented processes to identify and review all significant or non-routine issues. In addition,
qualified personnel with requisite training and experience have been assigned to each significant location to assist the reporting units in their implementation and remediation of internal control over financial reporting and control gaps for
Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. We have implemented processes commencing in late 2004 to ensure detailed accounting review is performed at all levels of the organization with appropriate corporate oversight. We expect that this material weakness will be
remediated by year-end 2005. 

Accounting adjustments were incorrectly categorized as changes in estimates instead of errors pursuant to Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 20 (APB 20). 
 This material weakness was
identified in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004. This material weakness resulted from insufficient training among our accounting staff regarding the application of APB 20 and
caused errors in the reporting by our operating units. To remediate this material weakness, we continue to review and revise a number of our disclosure and accounting policies and procedures. In addition, management is developing a plan for worldwide training of our accounting staff, which will
include SFAS No. 154, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections a replacement of APB No. 20 and SFAS No. 3 . We expect that this material weakness will be remediated by year-end 2005. 

Inadequate monitoring by accounting management of our foreign business units, which incorrectly translated foreign currency under methods that were not consistent with Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 52, Foreign Currency Translation. This material weakness was identified in each of our operating units and in our corporate accounting group due to a failure to develop a
process to apply SFAS No. 52 correctly. This condition includes the failure to translate foreign currencies at appropriate period-end rates and to use the correct classifications of inter-company notes to record foreign exchange effects correctly.
This material weakness was identified while preparing our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2004. To remediate these deficiencies, management has instituted requirements for appropriate levels of precision to be applied at all levels
for the accounting department review at quarter-end and year-end, 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

particularly with respect to significant or non-routine issues. In addition, we are installing a new consolidation systems package, which will provide more
robust tools for data collection, consolidations, and translations and will enhance the reporting process on a company-wide basis. This new system will systematically translate all foreign operations to the United States dollar correctly, using the
appropriate rates. We have also updated, and will continue to update, our review procedures with respect to compliance by our business units. We have implemented a comprehensive review between corporate accounting and treasury personnel for all
changes to inter-company notes. Finally, the worldwide training of our accounting staff referenced above will focus on items that have given rise to audit adjustments. Remediation is expected to be completed by year-end 2005. 

Incorrect assessment of the composition of charges allocable to inventory at our Houston on/off valve operation. Our independent registered public accounting firm first
identified this material weakness during its 2003 audit field work of our Houston on/off valve operation where errors occurred in the determination of the book value of inventory. Although we implemented certain changes based on the 2003 weakness,
the accounting personnel at the Houston operation failed to understand the costs associated with the production of inventory and how the costs should be allocated to the ending inventory on hand. These deficiencies resulted from a lack of
understanding of the true makeup of the cost pools and of the actual production activity that generated the costs in the pools. As a result of these deficiencies, significant adjustments were made to the fiscal quarters in 2004 and, as part of the
significant fourth quarter 2003 adjustment, amounts were restated back to 2000 and earlier. To ensure inventory balances are properly stated, we have established enhanced corporate oversight of the accounting at our Houston on/off
valve operation. This continued corporate oversight will require additional analysis to verify that adjustments are adequate to correctly state inventory values in the future. We expect that this material weakness will be remediated by year-end
2005. 

Incorrect revenue recognition practices relating to manufacture and sale contracts at our Houston on/off valve operation. Our independent registered public accounting firm identified
this material weakness during its audit field work of the Houston on/off valve operation for the period ending December 31, 2003. This material weakness reflects a lack of understanding of current revenue recognition rules relating to contracts
that may have multiple deliverables and the impact of single or multiple units of accounting treatment, particularly the application of Staff Accounting Bulletin Nos. 101 and 104, Revenue Recognition and EITF Issue No. 00-21,
 Accounting for Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables, to the revenue recognition process. This material weakness also resulted from a lack of understanding by the relevant accounting personnel of the specific contract language
and the business processes that existed to perform the unit s obligations under these contracts; unfamiliarity with the authoritative literature; and a lack of proper oversight in the creation of these contracts. Management is currently
utilizing external support to perform additional review work to ensure that the proper accounting treatment has been applied. To remediate this material weakness, the corporate accounting department has implemented quarterly reviews of all contracts and their
administration across all business units. We are implementing training of our business unit personnel designed to ensure that the level of analysis will be adequate to correctly understand the contractual obligations of the unit. This training
program is currently being developed, and we expect that it will be fully implemented during the fourth quarter of 2005. In addition, management has directed that future contracts be structured in a manner designed to avoid these types of revenue
recognition issues. We have also appointed new controllers for both of our on/off product line and North American operations. We expect that this material weakness will be remediated by year-end 2005. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Although we have implemented and continue to implement remediation efforts, a material weakness indicates
that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected in a future period. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will not in the future identify further material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that we have not discovered to date. We are taking steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting to comply with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The efforts we have taken and continue to take are subject to continued management review supported by confirmation and testing by management and by our internal auditors, as well as audit committee oversight. As a result,
additional changes are expected to be made to our internal control over financial reporting. Other than the foregoing initiatives since the date of the evaluation supervised by our management, there have been no material changes in our disclosure
controls and procedures, or our internal control over financial reporting, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting.
 Export Controls and Economic Sanctions Under Applicable Commerce and
Treasury Department Regulations In April 2004, we
received allegations that the Dubai branch of one of our U.S. subsidiaries may have engaged in transactions involving the sale of control valves and related parts to Iraq without required authorization. Upon initial investigation, we found
transactions by the branch relating to Iraq, Iran and Sudan that appeared to have been undertaken without the required prior U.S. governmental authorizations. A short time after the Dubai branch investigation commenced, we expanded the investigation
to include other Dresser affiliates that since January 1999 may have engaged in transactions relating to U.S.-sanctioned countries (including those countries already mentioned, Libya (prior to April 2004), Cuba and Syria (since mid-May 2004)) to
determine whether there were any other violations of U.S. laws related to export controls and economic sanctions. The investigation was completed and voluntary disclosures to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments were made in late April 2005.
The investigation identified a significant number of sales by certain of our other foreign affiliates to sanctioned countries (in addition to the sales by the Dubai branch) that appear to have been performed without required U.S. government
authorization. In response to the foregoing, we have
undertaken and are continuing to implement a comprehensive remedial program that is designed to prevent the risk of further unlawful transactions by our foreign subsidiaries and branches, and unlawful facilitations by U.S. persons of otherwise legal
transactions by our foreign subsidiaries, involving sanctioned countries. While our foreign subsidiaries may lawfully conduct business with sanctioned countries (other than Cuba), pursuant to a recently adopted company-wide policy they will no
longer be permitted to accept new business (other than such business as they are contractually obligated to undertake in compliance with U.S. laws) intended to or for Iran or Sudan. We have also adopted a requirement that the U.S. export/import
compliance and/or legal department conduct a review of all proposed transactions by our foreign subsidiaries relating to sanctioned countries to determine whether such sales are consistent with the new policy and in compliance with applicable U.S.
laws. In addition, we have issued further guidance and provided additional training to our employees concerning the application of U.S. foreign trade controls, and we have reorganized our management team that oversees compliance with these controls.
Primary responsibility for overseeing such compliance resides with a newly created corporate officer position titled Executive Vice President, Ethics and Compliance, which reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer and the Audit Committee. We
have also established the position of Corporate Export/Import Compliance Director, reporting directly to the new Executive Vice President. At each business unit, compliance managers and export/import compliance managers have also been appointed.
These business unit managers report to the new Executive Vice President and the new Corporate Export /Import Compliance Director, respectively. We are also taking appropriate disciplinary action against personnel who failed to meet their obligations
under company-wide policy or otherwise engaged in wrongful conduct. While our investigation has been completed, and voluntary disclosure reports have been submitted to the Commerce and Treasury departments, it remains unclear as to what extent the various activities reported to these government agencies
violate U.S. export control and economic sanctions regulations and what penalties the 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

government agencies may seek to impose for conduct that is found to be unlawful. Accordingly, we are unable to determine at this time the extent of
violations or the nature or size of the penalties to which we may be subject as a result of any unauthorized dealings with U.S.-sanctioned countries. If we are found to be in violation of the applicable Commerce and Treasury department regulations
restricting dealings with Iran, Sudan and Cuba (and in the past, Iraq and Libya), we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, including fines and/or suspension of the privilege to engage in export trading or to have our foreign affiliates
receive U.S.-origin goods, software or technology. We believe
that a loss in connection with this matter is probable and currently estimate our minimum probable liability to be approximately 0.8 million, which we recorded as a reserve in the fourth quarter of 2004. Given that the resolution of these issues is
inherently uncertain at this time, we are not able to reasonably estimate the maximum amount or a meaningful range of probable or reasonably likely liability that could result from an adverse resolution of this matter or any related private causes
of action that may arise. Since the Commerce and Treasury departments could impose aggregate penalties in excess of the reserve, and these amounts could be substantial, we cannot currently predict whether the ultimate resolution of this matter will
have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to do business outside the United States, or on our financial condition. In addition, our expenses related to the investigation and remedial actions have been and may continue to
be substantial. For additional information concerning these matters, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers and directors, as of November 15, 2005: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Patrick M. Murray 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 John P. Ryan 
 
 53 
 
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 James A. Nattier 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Financial Officer; Executive Vice President, Ethics and Compliance 
 
 Robert D. Woltil 
 
 51 
 
 Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration 
 
 J. Scott Matthews 
 
 59 
 
 Senior Vice President, Corporate Development 
 
 Mark J. Scott 
 
 51 
 
 Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
 
 Frank P. Pittman 
 
 59 
 
 Vice President and General Counsel 
 
 Thomas J. Kanuk 
 
 53 
 
 Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Stephen Berger 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Bernard J. Duroc-Danner 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Ben A. Guill 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Muzzafar Mirza 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 William E. Macaulay 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Gary L. Rosenthal 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark T. Schwetschenau 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas J. Sikorski 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas M. Stemlar 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 Patrick M. Murray
 has been Chief Executive Officer of Dresser, Inc. since December 20, 2004 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Dresser, Inc. since May 1, 2004. From April 2001 to April 30, 2004, Mr. Murray served as Chief Executive Officer, and from
April 2001 to November 2002, he served as President, of Dresser, Inc. From September 1998 to April 2001, Mr. Murray served as President of Dresser Equipment Group, Inc. Previously, Mr. Murray served as Vice President, Strategic Initiatives and Vice
President, Operations of Dresser Industries, Inc. Mr. Murray has also served as President of Sperry-Sun Drilling Services and the 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Controller of NL Industries, a manufacturer of titanium dioxide. Mr. Murray joined NL Industries in 1973 as a systems application consultant and has served
in a variety of increasingly senior management positions with NL Industries, Baroid Corporation and Dresser Industries, Inc. Mr. Murray is currently a director of Precision Drilling Corporation and Harvest Natural Resources, Inc . 
 John P. Ryan was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of
Dresser, Inc. on December 20, 2004. He served as President of Dresser Wayne from 1999 to July 2005. Mr. Ryan previously served as a Vice President of Dresser, Inc. since 2001. Mr. Ryan joined Dresser Wayne as a National Accounts Sales Manager in
1987, worked in field sales and national sales, and became Vice President of Sales in 1991. Prior to working at Dresser Wayne, Mr. Ryan worked for 10 years with Goulds Pumps Inc. in various sales capacities in Singapore and the United States . 
 James A. Nattier is Chief Financial Officer and
Executive Vice President, Ethics and Compliance of Dresser, Inc. Mr. Nattier became Executive Vice President, Ethics and Compliance in September 2005. He became Chief Financial Officer in March 2002. He previously served as Executive Vice President
and Chief Administrative Officer of Dresser, Inc. from April 2001 to March 2002, Vice President, Shared Services for Dresser Equipment Group, Inc. from 1999 to 2001, Vice President, Shared Services for Halliburton Energy Services from 1998 to 1999,
and Vice President Industrial Products for Baroid Drilling Fluids. Mr. Nattier joined NL Industries in 1978 and has served in a variety of technical, operations, marketing and senior management positions with NL Industries, Baroid Corporation,
Dresser Industries, Inc. and Halliburton. Mr. Nattier intends to resign as Chief Financial Officer once Dresser s SEC filings become current, at which time the Company intends to appoint Mr. Woltil as Chief Financial Officer. J. Scott Matthews has been Senior Vice President, Corporate
Development of Dresser, Inc. since February 2002. He has served in various roles in the domestic and international oil and gas industry for over 23 years. He started his career in 1969 as a CPA with Arthur Young Co. and subsequently served
with Roy M. Huffington, Inc. in business development, contract negotiation, financing and management of the company s domestic and international LNG and refinery projects. He was a founding partner in an independent oil gas operating
company and later was President and CEO of Compressor Systems, Inc. Robert D. Woltil is Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounting of Dresser, Inc. Mr. Woltil joined Dresser in September 2005 and is responsible for many of the company s finance and accounting matters. The company intends to
appoint Mr. Woltil as Chief Financial Officer once Dresser s SEC filings become current. Mr. Woltil has worked with Dresser s finance and accounting departments since July 2005 as leader of the Tatum Partners, LLP consulting team assigned
to the company. As a consultant during the past four years, he has served as interim CFO for Catalina Marketing Corporation, a 400 million NYSE-listed marketing services firm, and has also advised companies on organizational structure, process
redesign, financial restructuring, and mergers and acquisitions. Previously, he was CFO for Sun Healthcare Group, Inc., then a 3.5 billion, NYSE-listed provider of healthcare services which filed for bankruptcy protection in October 1999. He also
served in numerous roles with Beverly Enterprises, Inc., a 2 billion, NYSE-listed chain of health care facilities, including CFO of the corporation and later president and CEO of a 500 million division. Mark J. Scott is Senior Vice President, Human Resources of Dresser,
Inc. He joined Dresser in May 2004. Prior to joining Dresser, he was Vice President, Human Resources for Saint Gobain Corporation, a holding company for the U.S. and Canadian-based businesses of Compagnie de Saint-Gobain, from 1999 to 2004. He
served as a Director, Human Resources for Case Corporation from 1995 to 1999. Previous experience includes human resources roles at FMC Corporation, Nestle Foods and Sherwin Williams Company, as well as an attorney in private practice. 
 Frank P. Pittman is Vice President and General Counsel of Dresser,
Inc. Mr. Pittman previously served as Vice President, Law for Dresser Equipment Group, Inc., Vice President and Associate General Counsel of 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Halliburton Energy Services, Inc., and as Senior Counsel of Dresser Industries, Inc. and its affiliate, Dresser-Rand Company. Mr. Pittman joined Dresser
Industries, Inc. in 1979. Prior to joining Dresser Industries, Inc., Mr. Pittman previously was legislative counsel for the Ohio State Bar Association, an assistant county prosecutor in Franklin County, Ohio, and an associate with a Columbus, Ohio
law firm. Thomas J. Kanuk is the Corporate Controller
and Chief Accounting Officer of Dresser, Inc. He joined Dresser in July 2002 as Corporate Controller and became our Chief Accounting Officer in October 2003. Prior to joining Dresser, Mr. Kanuk was the Corporate Controller for Dal-Tile
International, Inc., which manufactures ceramic tile products, from 1998 to 2002. He has also previously served in corporate and operational financial management positions at Invacare Corporation, a manufacturer and distributor of home medical
products, and the Sherwin Williams Company, a manufacturer of paint and related products, and has also worked for Ernst Young LLP. Stephen Berger has been a Director of Dresser, Inc. since November 2005. Mr. Berger is Chairman of Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC., one of our
principal investors, and has served in that role since 1997. Mr. Berger served as a General Partner of Odyssey Partners, L.P., where he headed its private equity investing business, from 1993 to 1997. He currently serves on the Board of
Directors of Dayton Superior Corporation, a construction metals manufacturer and distributor, and Pro Mach, Inc., a packaging equipment manufacturer. He previously served as a director of Velocita Corp, a broadband networks provider which filed for
bankruptcy protection in 2002. Prior to joining Odyssey Partners, Mr. Berger was Executive Vice-President of GE Capital from 1990 to 1993, and was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Financial Guaranty Insurance Company, a wholly owned
subsidiary of GE Capital. Mr. Berger served as Executive Director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey from 1985 to 1990. Mr. Berger was Chairman of the United States Railway Association and was appointed by President Carter to
supervise, on behalf of the federal government, the restructuring of Conrail and its emergence from bankruptcy. Bernard J. Duroc-Danner has been a Director of Dresser, Inc. since April 2001. Since July 1998, Mr. Duroc-Danner has been Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer of Weatherford International, Ltd., an oilfield services company. He currently serves as a Director of Parker Drilling Company, Cal Dive International, Universal Corporation, Weatherford International, Ltd., an oilfield
services company, and London Merchant Securities. Prior to Weatherford s merger with EVI, Inc., Mr. Duroc-Danner was the President and Chief Executive Officer of EVI, Inc. In prior years, Mr. Duroc-Danner held positions at Arthur D. Little and
Mobil Oil, Inc. (now ExxonMobil). Ben A. Guill has been
a Director of Dresser, Inc. since April 2001. Mr. Guill is President of First Reserve Corporation and joined that firm in 1998. Prior to joining First Reserve, Mr. Guill spent 18 years with Simmons Company International, an investment banking
firm, where he served as Managing Director and Co-Head of Investment Banking. Prior to that time he held positions with Blyth Eastman Dillon Company. Mr. Guill is a Director and member of the Compensation Committee of National-Oilwell, Inc.,
Superior Energy Services, Inc. and T-3 Energy Services, Inc. He is also a director of Quanta Services, Inc. Muzzafar Mirza has been a Director of Dresser, Inc. since April 2001. Mr. Mirza was one of the founders of, and has been a Managing Principal with,
Odyssey since 1997. Mr. Mirza also was a Principal in the private equity investing group at Odyssey Partners from 1993 to 1997. Prior to joining Odyssey Partners, Mr. Mirza was head of merchant banking at GE Capital Corp., where he was responsible
for cash flow lending and investing. Mr. Mirza spent five years at Marine Midland Bank and was a member of the bank s first LBO finance group. William E. Macaulay has been a Director of Dresser, Inc. since April 2001. Mr. Macaulay is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of First
Reserve Corporation and has been with that firm since 1983. Prior to joining First Reserve in 1983, Mr. Macaulay was a co-founder of Meridien Capital Company, a private equity buyout firm. From 1972 to 1982, Mr. Macaulay was with Oppenheimer 
Co., Inc., where he served as Director of Corporate Finance, with responsibility for investing Oppenheimer s capital in private equity transactions, as a 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

General Partner and member of the Management Committee of Oppenheimer Co., as well as President of Oppenheimer Energy Corporation. Mr. Macaulay is
currently a Director of Weatherford International, Ltd., National-Oilwell, Inc. and Alpha Natural Resources, Inc., a coal company. He is Chairman of Foundation Coal Holdings, Inc., a coal company. Since October 2004, Mr. Macaulay has been Chairman
of the Board of Dresser-Rand Group Inc., a global supplier of rotating equipment solutions to the worldwide oil, gas, petrochemical and process industries. Gary L. Rosenthal has been a Director of Dresser, Inc. since April 2001. Mr. Rosenthal is a principal of The Sterling Group, Inc., a private equity
investment firm, and a co-founder and President of Heaney Rosenthal Inc., a private investment company, from October 1994 to December 2004. From July 1998 to September 2000, Mr. Rosenthal also served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of AXIA Incorporated, a diversified manufacturing company, and until May 2001 as President. In prior years, Mr. Rosenthal served as Chairman and then President and Chief Executive Officer of Wheatley TXT Corp., as a Senior Vice
President of Cain Chemical Inc., and as a partner in The Sterling Group, Inc. He currently serves as a Director of Oil States International, Inc. and previously served as non-executive Chairman of the Board of HydroChem Holdings, Inc. from August
2003 to December 2004. Mark T. Schwetschenau was
appointed to Dresser, Inc. s Board of Directors and designated as a member of the Audit Committee in May 2005. Mr. Schwetschenau is Senior Vice President and Controller of Navistar International Corporation, the parent company for International
Truck and Engine Corporation, a manufacturer of commercial trucks and mid-range diesel engines. Previously, he was Vice President and Controller of the same company since 1998. From 1997 to 1998, he was Vice President and General Controller of
Borden, Inc., an international food and chemical business, and from 1987 to 1997, he held a number of positions with the Quaker Oats Company, including Vice President, Finance of the Quaker Foods Division. Thomas J. Sikorski has been a Director of Dresser, Inc. since May
2002. Mr. Sikorski is a Managing Director of First Reserve Corporation and joined that firm in April 2002. Prior to joining First Reserve, Mr. Sikorski was a co-founder and Partner of Windward Capital, a New York-based private equity firm, from 1994
to 2002. He was a Director at MetLife Private Equity Investments and a Vice President in the CSFB Private Equity Group. Mr. Sikorski is a director of Aquilex Services, Inc. and Dresser-Rand Group, Inc. Thomas M. Stemlar was appointed to Dresser, Inc. s Board of
Directors and designated as a member of the Company s Audit Committee in August 2005. Mr. Stemlar joined Andersen Worldwide, S.C. (Arthur Andersen) in 1961 and was a partner from 1972 until his retirement in 1996. His responsibilities while an
Andersen partner included serving as director of the corporate governance and audit committee professional practice and as director of the worldwide accounting and audit quality assurance oversight and professional education programs. From 1998 to
2000 he served as staff to an SEC-initiated panel to study the effectiveness of the auditing profession in the United States. Mr. Stemlar has been a member of the Blue Ribbon Commission on Audit Committees of the National Association of Corporate
Directors and also served from 1997 to 2004 as a member of the Quality Control Inquiry Committee of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Fresh Brands, Inc. and Ministry Healthcare
Corporation, a not-for-profit multi-hospital system in Wisconsin. Committees of the Board of Directors Our
Board of Directors currently has an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Executive Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Audit Committee The current members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Rosenthal, Schwetschenau and Stemlar. Each of the Audit Committee members is an independent
director. Mr. Stemlar is Chairman of the Audit Committee, and each member has been designated by the Board as a financial expert. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, (1) the appointment, compensation, oversight
and retention of our independent auditor; (2) approving the engagement of our independent auditor; (3) reviewing the independence and qualifications of our independent auditor; (4) approving the overall scope of our audit; (5) reviewing with the
independent auditor any audit difficulties and management s responses; (6) reviewing our annual and quarterly financial statements; (7) discussing with our independent auditor the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and financial
controls; (8) discussing with our independent auditor any items included in any management letter or other report delivered by our independent auditor; (9) setting hiring policies for employees or former employees of our independent auditor; (10)
discussing with management and our independent auditor certain related party transactions or regulatory matters; (11) discussing with our counsel certain legal matters brought to the attention of the Audit Committee; and (12) establishing procedures
in connection with any complaints regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. Compensation Committee The current members of the Compensation Committee are Messrs. Guill and Mirza. The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things, (1) reviewing our compensation policies; (2) reviewing and approving the compensation of our
executive officers; (3) making recommendations to our Board of Directors with respect to employment and severance arrangements; (4) managing and reviewing bonus and long-term incentive compensation; (5) managing and reviewing director and officer
insurance and indemnification matters; and (6) determining our policy with respect to change of control payments. Executive Committee The current members of our Executive Committee are Messrs. Murray, Macaulay and Berger. The Executive Committee has all powers and authority of our Board
of Directors in the management of our business and affairs, except in respect of (1) approving or adopting, or recommending to stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by the Delaware General Corporation Law to be submitted to
stockholders for approval and (2) adopting, amending or repealing any of our by-laws. We call the types of actions described in the preceding clauses (1) and (2) full board matters. Our Executive Committee has the power and authority to
submit recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to full board matters prior to the Board of Directors taking any action. In addition, the scope of the Executive Committee will exclude those matters that The New York Stock Exchange or SEC rules require to be within the
purview of independent directors or that is otherwise in conflict with such rules. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The current members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Messrs. Macaulay and Duroc-Danner. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees all aspects of our corporate governance functions and makes
recommendations to our Board of Directors and assists our Board of Directors in determining the composition of our Board of Directors and its committees. Mr. Duroc-Danner is an independent director. Compensation of Directors Our four independent directors are compensated as follows: 

A 36,000 annual retainer; 

An additional 15,000 annual retainer for any independent director who is also the Chairman of the Audit Committee; 

An additional 5,000 annual retainer for any independent director who is also the Chairman of the Board, Chairman of the Compensation Committee, Chairman of the Executive Committee,
or Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; 
 85 

Table of Contents 

4,000 per regular Board meeting attended, provided, however, that for each regular Board meeting in excess of six (6) during any calendar year, the fee shall be 1,000.

4,000 per regular Board committee meeting attended as a member thereof; provided, however, that for each regular Board committee meeting in excess of six (6) during any calendar
year, the fee shall be 1,000. 

1,000 for each special or telephonic meeting of the Board or any committee thereof attended. 

An annual grant of options to purchase Class B common shares of Dresser, Ltd. The number of options to be granted shall be determined by dividing 80,000 by the most recent
valuation of such shares recorded by First Reserve Corporation for purposes of its portfolio investments, which will be considered the fair market value of such shares and exercise price for such options. Compensation is in the form of cash or Class B common shares of Dresser, Ltd., at the
election of each independent director. The members of our Board of Directors are reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of our Compensation Committee is or has been an officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or had any relationship requiring
disclosure pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. No executive officer of the Company served as a member of the compensation committee (or other board committee performing similar functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire board
of directors) of another corporation, in which one of the executive officers of that corporation served on our Compensation Committee. None of our executive officers has served as a director of another corporation, in which one of the executive
officers of that corporation served on our Compensation Committee. None of our executive officers has served as a member of the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such
committee, the entire board of directors) of another corporation, in which one of the executive officers of that corporation served as a director of the Company. Code of Conduct We have adopted a code of conduct which contains legal, ethical and other obligations that apply to all of our officers and employees. In the event that
we make any amendment to, or grant any waiver of, a provision of the code of conduct that applies to our principal executive officer or principal financial officer, we intend to disclose such amendment or waiver. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary
Compensation Table The following table sets forth the
2004, 2003 and 2002 compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and each of our four other most highly compensated executive officers during 2004. In addition, as required by SEC rules, we have provided the compensation information for Mr. Lamb who
served as our Chief Executive Officer during 2004. We sometimes refer to these individuals as the named executive officers. 

Annual Compensation 
 
 Long-term Compensation 
 
 Other Compensation 

Year 
 
 Salary 
 
 Bonus(1) 
 
 Other Annual Compensation (2) 
 
 Awards 
 
 Payouts 
 
 Name and Principal Position 

Securities Underlying Options (#)(3) 
 
 All Other Compensation (4) 
 
 Patrick M. Murray (5) 
 
 2004 

355,000 

44,958 

3,595,733 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 2003 

650,000 

97,500 

75,315 

49,685 
 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 
 2002 

500,000 

122,542 

147,364 

48,393 
 
 and Director 

John P. Ryan 
 
 2004 

263,266 

158,850 

9,000 

30,526 
 
 President and Chief 
 
 2003 

241,133 

135,000 

27,185 
 
 Operating Officer 
 
 2002 

203,280 

81,312 

21,595 

James A. Nattier 
 
 2004 

306,750 

63,651 

19,157 
 
 Chief Financial Officer; 
 
 2003 

300,002 

45,000 

21,475 
 
 Executive Vice President, Ethics and Compliance 
 
 2002 

220,008 

54,012 

20,282 

Andrew E. Graves (6) 
 
 2004 

357,875 

70,000 

16,630 
 
 Former President - Flow Solutions 
 
 2003 

237,372 

52,500 

3,274 

6,420 

John T. McKenna (7) 
 
 2004 

250,008 

82,600 

47,788 
 
 14,000 

9,172 
 
 President - Instruments 

Steven G. Lamb (8) 
 
 2004 

664,628 

373,155 

106,149 
 
 200,000 

31,327 
 
 Former President and 
 
 2003 

650,000 

195,000 

85,070 

16,366 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2002 

128,646 

355,000 

0 

(1) 
 Discretionary bonus payments with respect to 2004, were paid in November 2005. 

(2) 
 For Mr. Lamb, in 2004, this column includes 46,360 in temporary living and personal travel expense, 25,808 in other perquisites and 33,981 in tax payments. For Mr. McKenna, in
2004, this column includes 29,408 in temporary living and personal travel expense and 18,380 in tax payments and other perquisites. The other named executive officers did not have perquisites and personal benefits in excess of reporting
thresholds, but did receive tax reimbursements in the following amounts during 2004: Mr. Murray, 7,919; Mr. Ryan, 2,304; Mr. Nattier, 189; and Mr. Graves, 3,066. 

(3) 
 Options were issued by Dresser, Ltd. on July 1, 2004. 

(4) 
 All Other Compensation for 2004 includes: for Mr. Murray, 2,356,587 in benefits distributed from the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as a result of his
retirement as Chief Executive Officer on April 30, 2004, 1,217,670 as an end-of-term payment that included salary and bonus payments that Mr. Murray would have been eligible for had he continued in his role as Chief Executive Officer to the
end of his employment contract, 8,200 Company match in the qualified savings plan, 6,567 Company match in the non-qualified savings plan, and 6,709 in above-market earnings on deferred compensation; for Mr. Ryan, 12,253 in pension equalizer
credit to the qualified savings plan, 8,200 in Company match to the qualified savings plan, 7,731 in Company match to the non-qualified savings plan, and 2,343 in above-market interest on deferred compensation; for Mr. Nattier, 8,200 in
Company match in the qualified savings plan, 5,870 in Company match in the non-qualified savings plan, and 5,087 in above-market interest on deferred compensation; for Mr. Graves, 8,200 in Company match in the qualified savings plan, 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

8,215 in company match in the non-qualified savings plan, and 215 in above-market interest on deferred compensation; for Mr. McKenna, 7,367 in Company
match on the qualified savings plan, 1,800 in company match on the non-qualified savings plan, and 5 in above-market interest on deferred compensation; and for Mr. Lamb, 8,200 in Company match on the qualified savings plan, 22,285 in Company
match on the non-qualified savings plan, and 842 in above-market interest on deferred compensation. 

(5) 
 Mr. Murray served as Chief Executive Officer until April 30, 2004, at which time he became our non-employee Chairman of the Board. On December 20, 2004, he again became our Chief
Executive Officer and was re-hired as an employee of Dresser, Inc. effective January 1, 2005. Mr. Murray s salary represents actual 2004 earnings prior to retirement on April 30, 2004 of 271,667 and director s compensation fees from May
through December 2004 of 83,333. 

(6) 
 Mr. Graves joined Dresser in April 2003. His 2003 salary represents actual 2003 earnings. Mr. Graves resigned from his position on May 15, 2005. See Employment and Severance
Agreements Severance Agreement with Mr. Graves below. 

(7) 
 Mr. McKenna joined Dresser in January 2004. His salary represents actual 2004 earnings. Mr. McKenna s 2004 bonus represents a signing bonus of 32,600 along with a guaranteed
2004 incentive bonus of 50,000. 

(8) 
 Mr. Lamb joined Dresser in October 2002. His 2002 salary represents actual 2002 earnings. Mr. Lamb served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from May 1, 2004 through
December 20, 2004. For the year ended December 31, 2004, Mr. Lamb received a retention bonus of 48,493 and an incentive bonus of 324,662. For the year ended December 31, 2003, Mr. Lamb received a retention bonus of 97,500 and a discretionary
bonus of 97,500. The 2002 bonus for Mr. Lamb represents a signing bonus. See Employment and Severance Agreement Severance Arrangements with Mr. Lamb for a description of Mr. Lamb s employment agreement and the severance
benefits he received upon his resignation. Per the severance agreement, Mr. Lamb received a lump-sum severance payment in the amount of 6.3 million, most of which is payable in 2005. Option Grants in the Last Fiscal Year This table sets forth the number of options to purchase Dresser, Ltd. Class
B common shares granted below fair market value to the named executives during 2004. In satisfaction of the applicable SEC regulations, the table further sets forth the potential realizable value in the year of expiration for the stock options at an
assumed annualized rate of stock price appreciation of 0 , 5 and 10 over the full term of the stock options. Actual gains, if any, on stock option exercises are dependent on the future performance of the common stock and overall market conditions.
There can be no assurances that the potential realizable values shown in this table will be achieved. 

Name 
 
 # of Securities Underlying Options Granted 
 
 Percentage Of Total Options Granted to Employees in Fiscal Year(1)(2) 

Exercise or Base Price Sh) 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Potential Realizable Value at Assumed Annual Rates of
Stock Price Appreciation for Option Term 

0 
 
 5 
 
 10 
 
 Steven G. Lamb(3) 
 
 200,000 
 
 39 

40.00 
 
 October 2012 

5,000,000 

11,467,015 

20,621,375 
 
 Andrew E. Graves 
 
 70,000 
 
 14 

40.00 
 
 April 2013 

1,750,000 

4,188,516 

7,725,500 
 
 John T. McKenna 
 
 14,000 
 
 3 

40.00 
 
 January 2014 

350,000 

887,001 

1,693,019 
 
 John P. Ryan 
 
 9,000 
 
 2 

40.00 
 
 July 2014 

225,000 

592,903 

1,157,339 

(1) 
 Options to purchase a total of 518,500 shares were granted to employees in 2004, 408,500 of which remained outstanding as of December 31, 2004. 

(2) 
 As a result of the transaction in which Dresser, Ltd. became our indirect parent, option grants are to purchase shares of Dresser, Ltd. Class B common stock.

(3) 
 Upon Mr. Lamb s resignation, he immediately vested in his options and forfeited 100,000 of his 200,000 options. See Employment and Severance Agreements Severance
Arrangements With Mr. Lamb. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Aggregated Option Exercises In Last Fiscal Year And Fiscal Year-End Option Values The following table shows aggregate exercises of options to purchase
Dresser, Ltd. Class B common shares in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 by the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) 
 
 Value Realized )(1) 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options at Fiscal Year-end (Shares) (2) 
 
 Value of Unexercised In-the-Money Options at Fiscal Year-end (3) 
 
 Name 

Exercisable 
 
 Unexercisable 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Unexercisable 
 
 Steven G. Lamb(4) 

100,000 

2,500,000 

Patrick M. Murray 

45,000 

1,125,000 

James A. Nattier 

16,875 
 
 28,125 

421,875 

703,125 
 
 John P. Ryan 

13,500 
 
 31,500 

337,500 

787,500 
 
 Andrew E. Graves(5) 

7,000 
 
 63,000 

175,000 

1,575,000 
 
 John T. McKenna 

14,000 

350,000 

(1) 
 Since no shares were acquired through exercise in 2004, no value was realized. 

(2) 
 As a result of the transactions in which Dresser, Ltd. became our indirect parent, all awards outstanding under the Dresser 2001 Stock Incentive Plan as of July 3, 2002 were
converted into awards under the Share Incentive Plan of Dresser, Ltd. 

(3) 
 Value is calculated on the basis of the difference between the most recent valuation price per common share and the option exercise price of in the money options,
multiplied by the number of in the money options. 

(4) 
 Mr. Lamb had 200,000 options in Dresser Ltd. common shares. Upon his resignation, Mr. Lamb immediately vested in his options and forfeited 100,000 of his 200,000 options. See
 Employment Agreements Severance Arrangements with Mr. Lamb. 

(5) 
 Mr. Graves resigned his position in the second quarter of 2005. Employment and Severance Agreements We have entered into employment and/or severance agreements with certain of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table. Each of the employment agreements provides generally: 

An annual base salary, which may be increased by our Board of Directors in its discretion. 

The officer is entitled to participate in our annual incentive plan and in our various other employee benefit plans and arrangements that are applicable to senior officers. The
Dresser, Inc. 2003 Incentive Plan provides cash payments based on a combination of financial and individual objectives established on an annual basis by our Compensation Committee. Incentive payments made to our executive officers are based on our
performance as a whole, while incentive payments to business unit leaders are based on a combination of the performance of a specific business unit and our performance as a whole. Payments under the Dresser, Inc. 2003 Incentive Plan may be adjusted
to reflect individual performance on such pre-established objectives. 

If the officer is terminated without cause, or if he resigns for employee cause (each as defined in the respective employment agreements), he is entitled to
receive certain severance benefits. Messrs. Nattier and Ryan will receive their incentive bonus and annual base salary for 24 months, and will continue their coverage under our medical, dental and life insurance programs for 24 months on the same
basis as they were entitled to participate prior to termination. For Mr. Nattier, all unvested options will become immediately vested upon the date of termination and the restrictions will lapse on any previously awarded shares of restricted stock.
For Mr. Ryan, all unvested options, other than performance based options, will become immediately vested upon the date of such termination and the restrictions will lapse on any previously awarded shares of restricted stock. Mr. Ryan will retain
performance-based options for up to one year. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

If the officer is terminated in anticipation of or within one year following a change in control, he is entitled to receive a change in control payment in addition to the health and
welfare benefit continuation described above. Messrs. Nattier and Ryan will receive a change in control payment consisting of two times their base salary and two times their incentive bonus in a single lump sum. Mr. Nattier s agreement
also provides that if any payment made to him in connection with a change of control is subject to an excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, then he will be paid an additional gross up 
payment sufficient to place him in the same after-tax position as he would have been had the excise tax not applied. 

The officer has agreed not to compete with us for a specified period of time while receiving severance benefits. Mr. Nattier has agreed not to compete with us for two years
following the termination of his employment. Mr. Ryan has agreed not to compete with us for one year following the termination of his employment. 
 Employment Agreement with Mr. Murray Mr. Murray signed an employment agreement effective January 5, 2004, which superseded his prior employment agreement dated January 29, 2001. Under this
agreement, he served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors until April 30, 2004, with annual base compensation of 650,000. From May 1, 2004 through December 20, 2004 Mr. Murray served as a non-employee Chairman of
the Board. Mr. Murray retired as Chief Executive Officer on
April 30, 2004, and pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, he is entitled to (1) continue his health benefits through December 31, 2007, (2) receive a pro-rata bonus for 2004, (3) receive all unforfeited benefits under the Dresser, Inc.
Senior Executives Deferred Compensation Plan, which will be paid in the form of Dresser, Ltd. Class B common shares valued in accordance with the Plan over a five year period, and (4) receive an End of Term bonus of 1,217,670. The
 End of Term severance payment includes salary and bonus payments that Mr. Murray would have received had he continued in his role as Chief Executive Officer for the duration of his employment contract. As of May 1, 2004,
Mr. Murray s remaining unvested time options became fully vested and he is entitled to exercise these vested options at any time until one year following his resignation or removal as Chairman of the Board. Effective December 20, 2004, Mr. Murray again became our Chief Executive
Officer. We entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Murray, which provides for an annual base salary of 200,000 with annual bonus potential based on the achievement of performance goals established by the Board of Directors of up to 100 
of his base salary. This base salary reflects an adjustment for the End of Term severance payment discussed above. We also have granted Mr. Murray 55,000 options to purchase Dresser, Ltd. Class B common shares with an exercise price of
 65 per share, 50 of which are time options and 50 of which are performance options. The grant of options survives any termination of Mr. Murray s employment except termination by us for cause or by Mr. Murray. We also have reinstated Mr.
Murray into our Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as of January 1, 2005. All fees that Mr. Murray would be eligible for in his role as a non-employee Chairman of the Board or director terminated as of December 31, 2004. Employment Agreement with Mr. Ryan Mr. Ryan s employment agreement is dated January 29, 2001 and remains in
effect for the duration of his employment. Mr. Ryan s employment agreement may be terminated by either party, provided that Mr. Ryan must provide 30 days notice prior to termination. Mr. Ryan s 2001 employment agreement provides for an
annual base salary of 214,000. Since that time, his base salary has been regularly reviewed and increased as reflected on the Summary Compensation Table. Mr. Ryan is eligible for an annual incentive bonus, based on the achievement of performance
goals established by the Board of Directors, of up to 100 of his base salary. Effective December 20, 2004, Mr. Ryan became our President and Chief Operating Officer. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Effective January 1, 2005, we entered into an amendment to Mr. Ryan s employment agreement which
provides for a base salary increase to 400,000 per year. We also have granted Mr. Ryan 30,000 options to purchase Dresser, Ltd. Class B common shares with an exercise price of 65 per share, 50 of which are time options and 50 of which are
performance options. All other provisions of Mr. Ryan s employment agreement remain the same. Employment Agreement with Mr. Nattier Mr. Nattier s employment agreement is dated January 5, 2004 and has an initial term of two years. Following the first anniversary, the agreement extends until 24 months notice of its termination is given.
Mr. Nattier s employment agreement provides for an annual base salary of 300,000. Effective January 1, 2005, Mr. Nattier s base salary was increased to 350,000 per year. Mr. Nattier is eligible for an annual incentive bonus, based
on the achievement of performance goals established by the Board of Directors, of up to 100 of his base salary. Severance Arrangements with Mr. Lamb Mr. Lamb entered into an employment agreement on October 8, 2002, which provided for an annual base salary of 650,000. The initial term of Mr.
Lamb s agreement was three years, and it was to extend thereafter until 24 months notice of its termination is given. Mr. Lamb served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from May 1, 2004 to December 20, 2004 when he resigned from his
position. On February 16, 2005, we signed a severance
agreement with Mr. Lamb, pursuant to which we provided him the following, based upon his existing employment agreement: 

A severance payment of cash in the amount of 3,891,001, which consists of 1) a lump sum payment under our Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, 2) three years of salary and
bonus, and 3) payment in lieu of participation in our 401(k) plan and tax and financial planning and other services. 

Immediate vesting of the unvested portion of his 200,000 outstanding stock options. 

Medical, life and long-term disability insurance benefits that are substantially similar to those which he was receiving immediately prior to his resignation until the earlier of
three years or the date he becomes eligible to receive benefits under any plan or program of another employer. Further, Mr. Lamb agreed to remain subject to the three year non-competition provisions of his existing employment agreement. Pursuant to the severance
agreement, Mr. Lamb was also paid 2,500,000 in cash and forfeited 100,000 of his 200,000 vested stock options. We also entered into a two-year consulting agreement pursuant to which Mr. Lamb agreed to provide services in connection with the business, litigation,
corporate governance and other matters of which Mr. Lamb might have knowledge. In return, we agreed to pay Mr. Lamb 225,000 per year under this consulting agreement. Mr. Lamb agreed to release us from any and all claims that he may have had at any time prior to, or as of, his resignation
date. We agreed to release Mr. Lamb from any and all claims that we may have had at any time prior to, or as of, his resignation date. As a result of the severance agreement, we have recorded approximately 4.3 million related to cash-based severance expense and approximately 5.1 million
related to stock option expense. These charges are reflected in our financial statements for the fourth quarter of 2004. See Item 8. Financial Statements, Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Severance Agreement with Mr. Graves We entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Graves dated April 15, 2003, whereby he served as President, Dresser Flow
Solutions at an annual salary of 350,000. His annual salary was subsequently raised to 360,500. He served in this capacity until May 15, 2005, when he resigned from his position. We entered into a severance agreement with Mr. Graves dated May 15, 2005, pursuant to which we provided him the following,
based upon his existing employment agreement: 

Continued payment of base salary plus target bonus equal to 50 of his base salary for a period of 24 months. 

A lump sum cash payment equal to 184,669, representing payment of target bonus earned through May 15, 2005 plus an immediate lump sum payment equal to the present value of his
accrued SERP benefit. 

Immediate vesting of the unvested portion of his 70,000 outstanding stock options. 

Continued participation in the medical, dental, basic life insurance and 401(k) benefits plans, including associated non-qualified plans, for up to two years or earlier if he
becomes a participant in a subsequent employer s plan for similar benefits. 

Reimbursement for two years of up to 5,000 per year for financial planning services and up to 360 per month for country club dues. 

Reimbursement of relocation expenses not to exceed 20,000 and legal fees not exceed 2,500. Further, Mr. Graves agreed to remain subject to the two-year non-competition provisions of his existing employment
agreement. Dresser, Ltd. Plans With the recapitalization transaction, we had a Stock Incentive Plan, a Management Equity Purchase Plan, and Deferred Compensation Plans which provided for various forms of compensation in shares of Dresser common stock or otherwise in a
form based on the value of Dresser common stock. Since Dresser, Ltd. became our indirect parent company, Dresser assigned its rights and obligations under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Management Equity Purchase Plan and the Deferred Compensation
Plans to Dresser, Ltd., effective July 3, 2002. Share
Incentive Plan The Share Incentive Plan of Dresser, Ltd.
is the successor and continuation of the Stock Incentive Plan of Dresser, Inc.. This share plan permits the grant of a variety of equity based compensation awards, including non-qualified share options, incentive share options, restricted share
awards, phantom shares, share appreciation rights and other rights with respect to our common shares. There are 1,070,000 Class B common shares authorized for issuance under the Share Incentive Plan (subject to adjustment for events such as share
dividends, share splits, recapitalizations, mergers and reorganizations). Our employees, consultants and directors are eligible to receive awards under the Share Incentive Plan. If an employee retires, is terminated for cause, or resigns (without good reason), then all unvested options are immediately
terminated. Vested options are terminated at the end of the later of: (1) 60 days, or (2) the minimum time period the employee has to cause us to repurchase the vested shares at fair market value under the terms of his or her employment agreement if
applicable and the Investor Rights Agreement. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Common shares purchased or acquired under the share plan are generally subject to restrictions on
transfer, repurchase rights, and other limitations set forth in the Investor Rights Agreement (or in an option agreement, shareholders agreement or other similar agreement that we may enter into with the share plan participant). We determined in late 2003 that it was unlikely that certain options then
outstanding would ever vest prior to the nine and one-half year vesting period and that such options did not effectively serve the Share Incentive Plan s purpose of attracting, motivating and retaining option holders. As a result, in July 2004,
we began offering the option holders the opportunity to turn in their existing options for replacement (typically fewer) options that were a combination of time-based and performance options with modified performance goals that management believed
were more appropriate (and which generally increase the likelihood that the performance options will vest prior to the nine and one-half year outside vesting date). This program ended on August 23, 2004, with all of the option holders agreeing to
participate in the program. The replacement time-based options
and performance options issued in the exchange were deemed to have begun vesting on the date the original options were issued, and the expiration date of the replacement options was the same as the original options. In addition, the exercise price
for the replacement options was the same as the exercise price of the original options, and the other terms and conditions of the options generally are the same as the original options. Thus, the only material changes to the form of the options are
in the vesting provisions. As a result of this program, none of the prior options are outstanding, and, as of December 31, 2004, there were a total of 460,037 time-based options and 298,125 performance options outstanding. Management Equity Purchase Plan The Management Equity Purchase Plan of Dresser, Ltd. is the successor and
continuation of the Dresser, Inc. Management Equity Purchase Plan. The Management Equity Purchase Plan provides for certain of our employees, directors and consultants to purchase common shares of Dresser, Ltd. Up to 87,500 Class A common shares and up to 762,523 Class B common shares, may be purchased
under the plan. All purchases as of July 3, 2002 under the
Dresser, Inc. Management Equity Purchase Plan were converted into purchases under the successor plan. No awards under the Management Equity Purchase Plan or the successor plan have been granted subsequent to July 30, 2001. The Board of Directors of Dresser Ltd., (or a committee of the Board
authorized to administer the plan) may authorize certain of our employees, directors and consultants to purchase common shares under the plan. Each purchaser would be required to enter into a subscription agreement which will set forth certain terms
related to the purchase and sale of common shares, including the number of common shares that a purchaser elects to purchase, the date on which the purchase will take place and the purchase price per share of the common shares. Each purchaser would also enter into the Investor Rights Agreement upon the
purchase of the common shares under the plan (unless the purchaser is already a party thereto), which sets forth certain terms and conditions relating to the resale of the common shares, including restrictions on a participant s ability to
transfer the common shares to third parties, rules relating to our repurchase of the common shares following a participant s termination of employment, and terms of a participant s inclusion in sales of common shares to third parties. See
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Investor Rights Agreement. Deferred Compensation Plans We adopted the Dresser, Inc. Senior Executives Deferred Compensation Plan and the Dresser, Inc. Management Deferred Compensation Plan effective as
of April 10, 2001. These plans were assumed by Dresser 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Ltd. in July 2002 and were amended such that references to Dresser, Inc. shares now refer to Dresser, Ltd. shares. The deferred compensation plans are
non-qualified plans that allow certain of our employees to elect to defer salary or other compensation. In connection with the establishment of such plans, liabilities from certain Halliburton deferred compensation plans and supplemental executive
retirement plans, and certain existing Dresser deferred compensation plans, were transferred to the newly established plans. In addition, certain of our employees who were eligible to receive retention bonuses, cash payments pursuant to Halliburton
restricted stock, or other payments from Halliburton elected to defer the receipt of such payments under the deferred compensation plans. Amounts deferred under the deferred compensation plans are general liabilities of Dresser and are represented
by bookkeeping accounts maintained on behalf of the participants. Participants are generally able to elect to have such accounts deemed to be invested either in share units that track the value of our common stock (based on First Reserve s
valuation, which was 40 per share at December 31, 2004 and increased to 65 per share at June 30, 2005.) or in an interest bearing account. Distributions shall generally be made from the deferred compensation plans to a participant over time
following his or her retirement or other termination of employment. All the deferred compensation plans have been closed to deferrals and new participants since 2001. Other Plans In addition to the deferred compensation plans described above, we adopted the Dresser, Inc. Elective Deferral Plan, the ERISA Excess Benefit Plan for
Dresser, Inc. and the Supplemental Plan for Dresser, Inc. as of April 10, 2001 for the benefit of certain of our employees. The Elective Deferral Plan provided for the deferral of income for a small number of executives, and has been closed since 2001. The ERISA Excess Benefit
and Supplemental Plans restore benefits that are limited by Internal Revenue Code regulations applicable to our qualified 401(k) savings plan. Deferrals are credited in interest-bearing accounts, and distributions are made in cash following termination of employment. Our plans are non-qualified,
unfunded plans that represent general liabilities. Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan The Dresser, Inc. Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan (SERP) is an unfunded non-qualified pension plan. Current participants include Messrs. Murray, Nattier and Ryan. The annual benefit provided is a percentage of a participant s final average earnings (the average of a
participant s last five full years base salary plus earned bonus) multiplied by years of service, up to a 20 years maximum. Following is a table that illustrates the annual benefit provided under the SERP: Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Table 

Annual Benefits for Years of Service 
 
 5-Year Final Average Earnings 
 
 5 Years 
 
 10 Years 
 
 15 Years 
 
 20 Years 
 
 200,000 

25,000 

50,000 

75,000 

100,000 
 
 400,000 

50,000 

100,000 

150,000 

200,000 
 
 600,000 

75,000 

150,000 

225,000 

300,000 
 
 800,000 

100,000 

200,000 

300,000 

400,000 
 
 1,000,000 

125,000 

250,000 

375,000 

500,000 
 
 1,200,000 

150,000 

300,000 

450,000 

600,000 
 
 1,400,000 

175,000 

350,000 

525,000 

700,000 
 
 1,600,000 

200,000 

400,000 

600,000 

800,000 
 
 1,800,000 

225,000 

450,000 

675,000 

900,000 
 The benefits above are
expressed in the form of a single life annuity. Full, unreduced benefits are payable at age 65, or as early as age 60 on an actuarially reduced basis. Benefit payments are made in the form of a single 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

lump sum. The benefit is offset by the value of qualified and non-qualified Company-funded retirement savings and pension plan benefits, including benefits
earned under the Dresser, Inc. Consolidated Salaried Retirement Plan, which is a qualified defined benefit plan that has been frozen to new participants and benefit accruals since 1995. Mr. Ryan is the only participant in the SERP eligible for a
benefit under this plan. The estimated value of Mr. Ryan s frozen benefit under this plan is 11,058 per year beginning at age 65. Benefit accruals begin on the later of the date of hire or attainment of age 40. Vesting generally occurs after five years of service, but may be
accelerated in the event of death, disability, termination by us without cause, termination by the participant for cause, or a change in control. Mr. Murray received a SERP distribution of 2,356,587 as a result of his retirement from Dresser, Inc. on April 30, 2004. Upon his re-employement, he was
reinstated as a participant in the SERP for future service only. He currently has zero years of credited service; Mr. Nattier, three years; and Mr. Ryan, thirteen years. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Dresser, Ltd., a Bermuda corporation, owns all of the shares of Dresser Holdings, Ltd., a Bermuda corporation, and its
address is Claredon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda. Dresser Holdings, Ltd. owns all of the shares of Dresser Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its address is Claredon House, 2 Church Street Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda. Dresser
Holdings, Inc. owns all of the common shares of Dresser, Inc. and its address is 15455 Dallas Parkway, Suite 1100, Addison, TX 75001. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth certain information as of November 15, 2005, regarding the beneficial
ownership of the shares of Dresser, Ltd. with respect to each person who is a beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Dresser, Ltd. and beneficial ownership of the shares of Dresser, Ltd. by each director and each executive
officer named in the Summary Compensation Table and all directors and executive officers as a group. 

Class A Shares 

Non-voting Class B Shares 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 # of Shares 
 
 of Class of Shares Outstanding 

# of Shares 
 
 of Class of Shares Outstanding 

DEG Acquisitions, LLC(1) c/o First Reserve Corporation 411 West Putnam, Suite 109 Greenwich, CT 06830 
 
 9,700,000 
 
 92.8 

550,000 
 
 48.3 

First Reserve Affiliates(2) 411 W. Putnam Avenue Suite 109 Greenwich, CT 06830 

392,275 
 
 34.5 

Halliburton Energy Services, Inc. c/o Halliburton Company 4100 Clinton Drive P.O. Box 3 Houston, TX 77020-6299 
 
 537,408 
 
 5.1 

Patrick M. Murray(3) 

53,703 
 
 4.6 

Steven G. Lamb 

100,000 
 
 8.1 

James A. Nattier 

21,375 
 
 1.8 

Andrew E. Graves 

70,000 
 
 5.8 

John T. McKenna 

2,800 

John P. Ryan 
 
 890 

20,060 
 
 1.7 

William E. Macaulay(4) 

49,789 
 
 4.4 

Stephen Berger 

Bernard J. Duroc-Danner(5) 
 
 8,000 

5,938 

Ben A. Guill 

Muzzafar Mirza 

Gary L. Rosenthal 
 
 2,650 

5,938 

Mark T. Schwetschenau 

Thomas J. Sikorski 

Thomas M. Stemlar 

All directors and executive officers as a Group (17 persons) 
 
 11,963 

183,230 
 
 14.6 
 
 To calculate a
shareholder s percentage of beneficial ownership, we must include in the numerator and denominator those shares underlying options beneficially owned by that shareholder that have vested or will vest within 60 days of November 15, 2005. Options
held by other shareholders, however, are disregarded in this calculation. Therefore, the denominator used in calculating beneficial ownership among our shareholders may differ. 

Signifies less than 1 . Also, does not include shares held by DEG Acquisitions, LLC, which could be attributed to certain of these individuals. 

(1) 
 75 of the equity interests in DEG Acquisitions, LLC are held by First Reserve Corporation and its affiliates and co-investors, and 25 are held by Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC
and its affiliates and co-investors. 

(2) 
 Consists of shares held by First Reserve Fund VI, Limited Partnership, First Reserve Fund VII, Limited Partnership and First Reserve Fund VIII, L.P. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

(3) 
 Does not include a total of 46,423 non-voting class B shares Mr. Murray is entitled to receive as deferred compensation during 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009. The actual number of shares
to be issued will be reduced for any required tax withholding. 

(4) 
 Includes 46,789 non-voting class B shares held by Robert A. Albrecht, Trustee for the Macaulay Family 2000 Trust, 1,500 non-voting Class B shares held by Anne R. Macaulay Trust-1
and 1,500 non-voting class B shares held by Elizabeth R. Macaulay Trust-1. 

(5) 
 Includes 5,000 class A shares held by Duroc-Danner Family Investments L.P. and 2,750 class A shares held by Consuelo Duroc-Danner. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Tatum Partners, LLP On September 30, 2005, we
waived a potential conflict of interest under our Code of Conduct relating to Robert D. Woltil, our Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounting. Since July 11, 2005, we have used Tatum Partners LLP to provide consulting services on a variety of
accounting, information technology and other projects. Prior to his September 2005 appointment as an officer of the Company, Mr. Woltil was, and since his appointment continues to be, a general partner of Tatum Partners. As an officer of the
Company, Mr. Woltil has confirmed that he receives no direct compensation from Tatum Partners for his services, is not required to perform work for any other Tatum Partners clients, and has no material rights or obligations with respect to the
partnership other than a) an obligation to pay Tatum Partners an amount equal to 15 of his gain on any equity interest he may be granted by the Company, and b) his 5,000 capital account and the annual gain or loss on such amount. While Mr.
Woltil s responsibilities as an officer require him to interact with other Tatum partners assigned as consultants to the Company, he has indicated that he will recuse himself from all decisions that affect the business relationship between the
Company and Tatum Partners, including the approval of payments, determination of rates, expansion or contraction of the level of service provided by the partnership, or other similar matters. All such decisions will be made by Patrick M. Murray, our
Chief Executive Officer, or his designee. Transition Agreements
 On April 10, 2001, Halliburton executed a transition
services agreement with us whereby Halliburton agreed to provide us with certain transition services. For the first nine months of the agreement, the services were provided at Halliburton s cost, which we believe did not exceed the fair market
value of those services. The services covered by this agreement included certain human resources and employee benefit administration services, information technology services and real estate support services at facilities that we shared with
Halliburton. We obtained voice and fax services via the Halliburton software defined network through June 2004. During 2004, 2003 and 2002, we paid Halliburton approximately 0.4 million, 0.8 million and 1.2 million respectively, under this
agreement. Trademark Assignment And License Agreement Pursuant to agreements with Halliburton, we own all right, title and
interest in and to the marks Dresser and Dresser and Design and other trademarks and servicemarks in the U.S. and in various jurisdictions throughout the world. We granted back to Halliburton a non-exclusive license to use
these marks during a transition period, which expired in April 2004. We have also granted back to Halliburton a perpetual, exclusive license to use the name Dresser Industries provided the name is not used in connection with raising
capital, or the sale, promotion, design or manufacture of goods or services that would create market confusion affecting Dresser. We also granted to Halliburton the use of the name Dresser Industries, Inc. for use as a holding company
name. In addition, we have agreed not to use the Dresser name for seven years in certain businesses where Halliburton operates. Trademark Assignment In October 2004, we agreed to license the Dresser name and mark to Dresser-Rand Group, Inc., owned by First Reserve, for a total of 5 million
of consideration over a ten-year period. The agreement, which was 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

approved by disinterested members of our Executive Committee, allows Dresser-Rand Group, Inc. world-wide, limited, nonexclusive, terminable license to use
the Dresser name as part of any trade name, corporate name, domain name, trademark or service mark in connection with the Dresser-Rand business lines. Sales and Receivables During 2004, we had sales of approximately 5.9 million to Halliburton and its affiliates. Accounts receivable related to Halliburton and its affiliates
totaled approximately 1.5 million at December 31, 2004. At December 31, 2004, we had no accounts receivable due from Halliburton operating units which entered into plans of bankruptcy during 2003. Fees We reimburse First Reserve and Odyssey for certain expenses incurred in connection with the ongoing ownership and management
of Dresser. There were no reimbursed expenses during 2004. In each of 2002 and 2003, we paid First Reserve and Odyssey approximately 0.1 million for these expenses. Additionally, in 2001, we paid First Reserve and Odyssey a 30.4 million fee for their assistance in evaluating, structuring
and facilitating the recapitalization transaction. Investor Rights
Agreement On April 10, 2001, we entered into an Investor
Rights Agreement with DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Halliburton and certain existing and former employees who were also shareholders. In July 2002, we assigned our rights and obligations under the Investor Rights Agreement to Dresser, Ltd. Under the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, we agreed to register the
shares of common stock owned by the parties to the agreement under the following circumstances: 

Demand Rights. Upon written request from DEG Acquisitions, LLC or Halliburton, we will register shares of common stock specified in such request for resale under an
appropriate registration statement filed and declared effective by the SEC. No demand may be made until 180 days after our initial public offering. DEG Acquisitions, LLC is entitled to six such requests, and Halliburton is entitled to one such
request. We may defer a demand for registration by 90 days if our Board of Directors deems it to be materially detrimental for us to file a registration statement. We will only be able to make such a deferral twice in any 12-month period.

Piggyback Rights. If at any time we file a registration statement for the purposes of making a public offering of our common stock or register outstanding shares of common
stock for resale on behalf of any of our stockholders, the parties to the Investor Rights Agreement may elect to include in such registration any shares of common stock they hold. If the offering is an underwritten offering, the managing underwriter
may exclude all or a part of the shares if market factors dictate. 

Lockup. In consideration of these registration rights, the parties to the agreement will agree not to sell their common stock for a period of 90 days following any exercise
of the registration rights. 

Termination. Our obligations to register the common stock of any of these stockholders will terminate with respect to such stockholder on the date on which all remaining
shares of common stock can be sold in any single transaction in reliance on Rule 144 of the Securities Act. 

Assignment . In addition to other provisions relating to assignment, the demand rights of DEG Acquisitions, LLC may be assigned to the members of DEG Acquisitions, LLC in
connection with a liquidation (in full or in part) of DEG Acquisitions, LLC. Repurchase of Employee Shares. If an employee who is a party to this agreement leaves for good reason, is terminated by us without cause, dies or suffers a permanent disability, then such employee will be
permitted to 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

cause us to repurchase their vested shares that they have held for at least six months at fair market value. If an employee retires, is terminated for cause,
or resigns (without good reason), or leaves for the reasons enumerated in the prior sentence but fails to put their shares to us for repurchase, then we will have the right to repurchase their shares at fair market value (with a discount
for minority ownership in the case of a retirement, termination by us for cause, or resignation without good reason). Sponsor Rights Agreement On April 10, 2001, we entered into a Sponsor Rights Agreement and in July 2002, we entered into a consent, amendment, assignment and assumption of the
Dresser, Inc. Sponsor Rights Agreement. As a result of this agreement, Dresser assigned its rights and obligations under the Sponsor Rights Agreement to Dresser, Ltd. Dresser, Ltd. agreed to assume, perform, and discharge all of Dresser s
obligations under the Sponsor Right Agreement. The Sponsor Rights Agreement, among affiliates of First Reserve and Odyssey who hold all of the equity interests in DEG Acquisitions, LLC, provides that there will be a Board of Directors of Dresser,
and subsequent to the amendment, Dresser Ltd., consisting initially of nine directors, five of whom will be designated by First Reserve, two of whom will be designated by Odyssey and two of whom will be members of our management. The Sponsor Rights
Agreement also provides that unless at least one director nominated by each of First Reserve and Odyssey agrees, the Board of Directors will be prohibited from allowing us to take certain actions including incurring certain indebtedness,
consummating certain acquisitions or asset dispositions, and making certain changes in our management. The Sponsor Rights Agreement also contains other customary provisions, including registration rights. LVF S.p.A. Pursuant to a purchase agreement dated November 7, 2003, between LVF Holding S.r.l. (our wholly-owned subsidiary) and the
former managing director of LVF S.p.A., we sold the capital stock of LVF S.p.A., our wholly owned subsidiary, to its former managing director for a purchase price of approximately 24.0 million and the assumption of approximately 5.5 million in
debt. The LVF S.p.A. transaction was consummated on December 16, 2003. Redeemable Shares In connection with our 2001
acquisition of Entech Industries, Inc. Entech from funds managed by First Reserve and the other Entech shareholders, our consideration included issuing shares of our common stock in exchange for each outstanding share of Entech common
stock. At the time we purchased Entech, certain former Entech shareholders had a put right with respect to their 27,908 shares of Entech common stock, which we assumed by giving them a similar put right with respect to the shares of our common stock
they received in the acquisition. This put right allowed them to require us to purchase their shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 107.49 British Pounds per share. In connection with the modification of our corporate structure in 2002,
the shares subject to the put right became class A common shares of Dresser, Ltd. Due to Dresser, Ltd. s having no substantive operations, the obligation relating to the put rights was reflected as mandatorily redeemable common stock in our
financial statements. In April 2004, those former Entech stockholders exercised their put right of 5.5 million. To facilitate the repurchase of the shares, we established a loan to Dresser, Ltd. with which the shares were repurchased, which is
reflected as contra-equity in our financial statements. Accordingly, the shares were transferred from mandatorily redeemable stock to additional paid in capital to reflect the settlement of the put rights. The advance to Dresser, Ltd. is to be
reduced by proceeds received by us on behalf of Dresser, Ltd. from the escrow account (discussed below) or from the exercise of options to acquire Dresser, Ltd. common shares. At the time of the Entech acquisition, the First Reserve funds invested in Entech and certain other Entech shareholders
deposited into an escrow account shares of our common stock equal to the then aggregate value of certain known liabilities of Entech, including the value of the put right in excess of 40 per share, for us to use to 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

satisfy those liabilities as they became due. In connection with the modification of our corporate structure in 2002, the shares deposited in the escrow
account became common shares of Dresser, Ltd. Each First Reserve fund and the other two shareholders that deposited shares in the escrow account had the right to remove their shares from the escrow account upon substituting cash into the escrow
account in an amount equal to 40 per share or a greater fair market value as determined by us, and either the shareholders or we could challenge the valuation used for any cash substitution. By December 31, 2004, the shares in the escrow account
held by First Reserve funds and not previously used to satisfy other known Entech liabilities had been replaced with approximately 2.9 million in cash at a rate of 40 per share, which valuation was not challenged. The proceeds received from the
escrow account were used to reduce the advance to Dresser, Ltd. The holders of the remaining 9,134 escrowed shares replaced their shares with approximately 0.3 million in cash in September 2004, which was also used to reduce the advance to Dresser,
Ltd. We are now in the process of liquidating this escrow account. The difference between the amount we paid to the putting shareholders and the amount of funds in the escrow account at the time the put right was exercised, in excess of 40 per
share repurchased, reflects the decreased value of the U.S. dollar against the British Pound since the closing of the Entech acquisition, when the dollar value of the put right and the other known liabilities addressed by the escrow account was
estimated. Cash received by us from the exercise of stock
options in June 2004 totaled approximately 0.5 million and was used to reduce the advance to Dresser, Ltd., resulting in a loan receivable balance at December 31, 2004 of 1.6 million. The loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.75 and is payable on
demand. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Amount Billed (in thousands) 
 
 Description of Professional Service 
 
 2004 
 
 2003 
 
 Audit Fees for professional services rendered by principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review
of the financial statements in our Form 10-Q services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

11,956.1 

5,301.0 

Audit-Related Fees for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance
or review of our financial statements not reported as Audit Fees. These fees primarily involved mergers and acquisitions. 

190.0 

414.1 

Tax Fees for professional services rendered for tax planning and advice, tax compliance, tax advice and review of state and
federal tax returns. 

3,743.2 

2,311.2 

All Other Fees for products and services other than Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees and Tax Fees. 

1.2 

15,889.3 

8,027.5 

Pre-Approval Policies
 PwC may not perform services, whether associated with
audit or non-audit functions, unless the services have been approved prior to their performance by our Audit Committee. Each fiscal year, the Audit Committee negotiates and pre-approves the fee for the annual audit of our consolidated financial
statements. Each fiscal year, the Audit Committee may also generally pre-approve certain audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. If services have not been generally pre-approved by the Audit Committee, they must be
specifically pre-approved by the Audit Committee or, for certain delegated authority, the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has delegated the following authority to its Chairman: (1) for pre-approval of any services proposed to be
provided by the independent auditor and not generally pre-approved by the Audit Committee, up to 50,000 per category on the appendices of the pre-approval policy; (2) to increase any authorized maximum fees amount of generally pre-approved services
set forth on the appendices to the pre- approval policy before we or any of our subsidiaries engage the independent auditor to perform services, up to 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

the greater of 50 in excess of the maximum fees for that category or 50,000 per category; and (3) to investigate further the scope, necessity or
advisability of any services as to which pre-approval is sought. The Audit Committee has not delegated to its Chairman the authority to approve (A) the independent auditor s annual services engagement or amendments thereto, or (B) any tax
services involving large and/or complex transactions. The Audit Committee has not delegated to management any of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the Company s independent auditor. Further, the
pre-approval policy prohibits the independent auditor from providing (i) non-audit services that are prohibited by the SEC, or (ii) any services to any member of our management. 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The index to the audited financial statements and the financial statement schedule is included on page F-1 of this report. The financial statements included herein at pages F-1
through F-71. The following financial statement schedule is included herein at page F-73 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts All other schedules for which provision is made in Regulation S-X are either not required to be included herein under the related instructions or are
inapplicable or the related information is included in the footnotes to the applicable financial statement and therefore have been omitted. 

(b) 
 Exhibits to be filed with Dresser s Annual Report on Form 10-K 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Dresser, Inc., Dresser, Ltd. and Dresser Mergerco, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the
SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

2.2 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement among Dresser, Inc., DEG Italia S.p.A. and Nuovo Pignone S.p.A. dated as of May 21, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on
Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 18, 2004, File No. 333-60778) 

2.3 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated September 1, 2005, between Dresser and Cooper Cameron for the sale of Dresser s On/Off valve business (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Report on
Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2005, File No. 001-32372) 

2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Purchase Agreement between Dresser, Inc. and Cooper Cameron Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 2,
2005, File No. 001-32372) 

2.5 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 2, 2005, between Dresser and Ashcroft for the sale of Dresser s Instruments business (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to our Report on
Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2005, File No. 001-32372) 

2.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement between Dresser, Inc. and Ashcroft Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
December 2, 2005, File No. 001-32372) 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dresser, Inc., (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2004, File No.
333-60778) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Dresser, Inc. (incorporarted by reference to Exhibit 3.17 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2004, File No.
333-60778) 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT 

4.1 
 
 Credit Agreement dated as of April 10, 2001 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, DEG Acquisitions, LLC, as Guarantor, the Subsidiary Guarantors,
the Initial Lenders, the Initial Issuing Bank and Swing Line Bank, and Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated, as Collateral Agent, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Administrative Agent, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Credit Suisse
First Boston, as Joint Lead Arrangers, and UBS Warburg LLC and General Electric Capital Corporation, as Co-Document Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No.
333-60778) 

4.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement dated March 13, 2002 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.6 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement dated June 17, 2002 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.7 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.4 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement dated December 11, 2002 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser Holdings,
Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the Credit Agreement and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.5 
 
 Amendment No. 4 and Waiver to the Credit Agreement dated March 31, 2003 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser
Holdings, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the Credit Agreement and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No.
333-60778) 

4.6 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement dated June 30, 2003 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser Holdings, Inc.,
the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the Credit Agreement and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.7 
 
 Amendment No. 6 and Waiver to the Credit Agreement dated August 5, 2003 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser
Holdings, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the Credit Agreement and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No.
333-60778) 

4.8 
 
 Amendment No. 7 and Waiver to the Credit Agreement dated March 1, 2004 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser
Holdings, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the Credit Agreement and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2004, File No.
333-60778) 

4.9 
 
 Amendment No. 8 and Waiver under the Credit Agreement dated as of March 18, 2005 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, Dresser Holdings Inc., DEG
Acquisitions, LLC, the Lenders named therein and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc. as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 24, 2005, File No.
001-32372) 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT 

4.10 
 
 Amendment No. 9 and Waiver under the Credit Agreement dated as of May 27, 2005 among Dresser, Inc., as U.S. Borrower, D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., as Euro Borrower, Dresser Holding, Inc., DEG
Acquisitions, LLC, the Lenders named therein and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc. as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 1, 2005, File No.
001-32372) 

4.11 
 
 Amendment No. 10 and Waiver under the Credit Agreement, among Dresser, Inc., D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser Holdings, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the
Credit Agreement and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 18, 2005, File No. 001-32372) 

4.12 
 
 Amendment No. 11 and Waiver under the Credit Agreement, among Dresser, Inc., D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser Holdings, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the
Credit Agreement and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 4, 2005, File No. 001-32372). 

4.13 
 
 Amendment No. 12 and Waiver under the Credit Agreement, among Dresser, Inc., D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser Holdings, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the
Credit Agreement and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2005, File No. 001-32372). 

4.14 
 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement dated as of March 1, 2004, among Dresser, Inc., D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., Dresser Holdings, Inc., DEG Acquisitions, LLC, the Subsidiary Guarantors,
Revolving Credit Lenders, Tranche C Term Lenders, Wells Fargo Texas, N.A., Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the
SEC on March 30, 2004, File No. 333-60778) 

4.15 
 
 Consent and Waiver Under the Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement dated as of March 18, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on
March 24, 2005, File No. 001-32372) 

4.16 
 
 Second Consent and Waiver Under the Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement dated as of May 27, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with
the SEC on June 1, 2005, File No. 001-32372) 

4.17 
 
 Third Consent and Waiver under the Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement, dated July 14, 2005, among Dresser, Inc., D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser Holdings, Inc., the
Subsidiary Guarantors party to the Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 18, 2005, File No.
001-32372) 

4.18 
 
 Fourth Consent and Waiver under the Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement, dated September 30, 2005, among Dresser, Inc., D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser
Holdings, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 4, 2005, File No.
001-32372). 

4.19 
 
 Fifth Consent and Waiver under the Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement, dated November 14, 2005, among Dresser, Inc., D.I. Luxembourg S.A.R.L., DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser Holdings, Inc.,
the Subsidiary Guarantors party to the Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2005, File No.
001-32372). 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT 

4.20 
 
 Indenture, dated as of April 10, 2001, among Dresser, Inc., the Guarantors named therein and State Street Bank and Trust Corp, as trustee, relating to the 9 3/8 Senior Subordinated Notes due
2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2001, File No. 333-60778) 

4.21 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 4, 2001, among Dresser Entech, Inc., and Ring-O Valve, Incorporated, Dresser, Inc., the other Guarantors named in the Indenture dated as of
April 10, 2001 and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as trustee, relating to the 9 3/8 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003,
File No. 333-60778) 

4.22 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 12, 2001, among LVF Holding Corporation, Dresser, Inc., the other Guarantors named in the Indenture dated as of April 10, 2001 and State Street
Bank and Trust Company, as trustee, relating to the 9 3/8 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.23 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2002, among Modern Acquisition, Inc., Dresser, Inc., the other Guarantors named in the Indenture dated as of April 10, 2001 and State Street
Bank and Trust Company, as trustee, relating to the 9 3/8 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.24 
 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 4, 2003, among Dresser, Inc., the Guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee 

4.25 
 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 19, 2005, among Dresser, Inc., the Guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee 

4.26 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated April 10, 2001 among Dresser, Inc., the Guarantors named therein, Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated and Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.27 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 20, 2002 among Dresser, Inc., the Guarantors named therein, Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated and Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.28 
 
 Specimen Certificate of 9 3/8 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File
No. 333-60778) 

4.29 
 
 Specimen Certificate of 9 3/8 Senior Subordinated Exchange Notes due 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12,
2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.30 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement dated April 10, 2001 by and among Dresser, Inc., DEG Acquisitions, LLC, Dresser Industries, Inc., and certain employees of the Company (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

4.31 
 
 Consent, Amendment, Assignment and Assumption of the Dresser, Inc. Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT 

4.32 
 
 Sponsor Rights Agreement dated April 10, 2001 by and among Dresser, Inc., DEG Acquisitions, LLC, First Reserve Fund VIII, LP, First Reserve Fund IX, L.P., Odyssey Investment Partners Fund,
LP, Odyssey Co-investors, LLC and DI Co-investment, LLC 

4.33 
 
 Consent, Amendment, Assignment and Assumption of the Dresser, Inc. Sponsor Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on
December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Recapitalization dated as of April 10, 2001 among Halliburton Company and DEG Acquisitions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

10.2 
 
 Trademark Assignment and License Agreement dated April 10, 2001 by and between Halliburton Company and Dresser, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Annual Report on Form
10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

10.3 
 
 Trademark License Agreement dated April 10, 2001 by and between Halliburton Company and Dresser, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with
the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

10.4 
 
 Income Tax Sharing Agreement dated April 10, 2001 by and between DEG Acquisitions, LLC and Dresser, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed
with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

10.5 
 
 Dresser, Inc. 2001 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No.
333-60778) 

10.6 
 
 Dresser, Inc. 2003 Incentive Plan 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Dresser, Ltd. Share Incentive Plan 

10.8 
 
 Dresser, Inc. 2001 Management Equity Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No.
333-60778) 

10.9 
 
 Dresser, Inc. Senior Executives Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File
No. 333-60778) 

10.10 
 
 Dresser, Inc. Management Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No.
333-60778) 

10.11 
 
 ERISA Excess Benefit Plan for Dresser, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No.
333-60778) 

10.12 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of Dresser Industries, Inc., restated as of January 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed
with the SEC on September 3, 2004, Registration No. 333-118800) 

10.13 
 
 Supplemental Plan for Dresser, Inc. 

10.14 
 
 Dresser, Inc. Elective Deferral Plan 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement dated May 25, 2005 between Dresser and Patrick M. Murray (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 1, 2005,
File No. 001-32372) 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF EXHIBIT 

10.16 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated January 29, 2001 between Dresser and John P. Ryan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on
December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

10.17 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Executive Employment Agreement, dated May 26, 2005, between Dresser and John P. Ryan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
with the SEC on June 1, 2005, File No. 001-32372) 

10.18 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 5, 2004 between Dresser and James A. Nattier (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on
March 30, 2004, File No. 333-60778) 

10.19 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement and Exhibit dated October 8, 2002 between Dresser and Steven G. Lamb (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with
the SEC on December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

10.20 
 
 Severance Agreement and Release of Claims between Dresser, Ltd., Dresser, Inc. and Steven G. Lamb, dated February 16, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on
Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2005, File No. 001-32372) 

10.21 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated April 14, 2003 between Dresser and Andrew E. Graves (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on
December 12, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

10.22 
 
 Severance Agreement and Release of Claims among Dresser, Ltd., Dresser, Inc. and Andrew E. Graves 

10.23 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated November 7, 2003, between LVF Holding S.r.l. and Gianluigi. Belotti (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
SEC on December 22, 2003, File No. 333-60778) 

12.1 
 
 Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

14.1 
 
 Code of Conduct of Dresser, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2004, File No. 333-60778) 

14.2 
 
 Code of Conduct of Dresser, Inc., to become effective as of January 1, 2006 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 
 106 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Dated: December 20, 2005 

By: 
 
 / S / P ATRICK M. M URRAY 

Patrick M. Murray Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/ S / P ATRICK M. M URRAY Patrick M. Murray 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / J AMES A. N ATTIER James A. Nattier 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / T HOMAS J. K ANUK Thomas J. Kanuk 
 
 Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / W ILLIAM E. M ACAULAY William E. Macaulay 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / S TEPHEN B ERGER Stephen Berger 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / B ERNARD J. D UROC -D ANNER Bernard J. Duroc-Danner 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / B EN A. G UILL Ben A. Guill 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / M UZZAFAR M IRZA Muzzafar Mirza 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / G ARY L. R OSENTHAL Gary L. Rosenthal 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / M ARK T. S CHWETSCHENAU Mark T. Schwetschenau 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / T HOMAS J. S IKORSKI Thomas J. Sikorski 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2005 

/ S / T HOMAS M. S TEMLAR Thomas M. Stemlar 
 
 Director 
 
 December 20, 2005 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

Page 
 
 Dresser, Inc.: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 Restated 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 Restated and 2002 Restated 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 Restated and 2002 Restated 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 Restated and 2002 Restated 
 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-72 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Restated 
 
 F-73 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Dresser, Inc.: In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, of
shareholders (deficit) equity and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Dresser, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2004 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company has restated its previously issued consolidated financial statements. As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted the fair value recognition provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation on January 1, 2004. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Dallas, Texas December 21, 2005 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. Consolidated
Balance Sheets (in millions, except share information) 

December 31, 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

98.6 

149.0 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 15.6 and 15.4 

439.5 

276.4 

Notes receivable 

3.1 

4.4 

Inventories 

327.8 

280.2 

Other current assets 

37.2 

21.3 

Total current assets 

906.2 

731.3 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

240.6 

208.1 

Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

9.3 

7.1 

Goodwill 

358.2 

315.2 

Other assets 

149.9 

142.8 

Total assets 

1,664.2 

1,404.5 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

312.0 

198.3 

Notes payable 

10.7 

2.9 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

3.2 

2.7 

Accrued payroll and other compensation 

60.6 

48.2 

Deferred revenue 

32.2 

26.0 

Other accrued expenses 

126.9 

117.5 

Total current liabilities 

545.6 

395.6 

Pension and other retiree benefit obligations 

343.7 

339.9 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

1,061.8 

941.4 

Other liabilities 

29.3 

25.3 

Total liabilities 

1,980.4 

1,702.2 

Commitments and contingencies 

Minority interest 

3.5 

0.4 

Mandatorily redeemable common stock of Dresser, Ltd. 

6.7 

12.4 

Shareholders deficit: 

Common stock 0.01 par value; issued and outstanding: 1,000 shares 

Additional paid in capital 

455.7 

443.6 

Loan to Dresser, Ltd. 

(1.6) 

Dividends in excess of net book value 

(605.6) 

(605.6) 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

(158.5) 

(94.6) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Unrealized gain on derivatives, net 

2.5 

3.5 

Cumulative foreign currency translation 

70.1 

27.7 

Minimum pension liability 

(89.0) 

(85.1) 

Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(16.4) 

(53.9) 

Total shareholders deficit 

(326.4) 

(310.5) 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

1,664.2 

1,404.5 

See accompanying notes
to consolidated financial statements 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. Consolidated
Statements of Operations (in millions except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

2002 (Restated) 

Revenues 

1,991.7 

1,661.1 

1,590.4 

Cost of revenues 

1,440.6 

1,225.2 

1,163.6 

Gross profit 

551.1 

435.9 

426.8 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

454.1 

382.3 

341.8 

Impairment of goodwill 

63.8 

Operating income 

33.2 

53.6 

85.0 

Interest expense 

(91.1) 

(85.5) 

(95.3) 
 
 Interest income 

1.3 

2.9 

2.7 

Other income (expense), net 

1.2 

6.2 

7.8 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(55.4) 

(22.8) 

0.2 

Provision for income taxes 

(11.7) 

(17.4) 

(14.0) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(67.1) 

(40.2) 

(13.8) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

3.9 

2.3 

3.0 

Minority owner s share of consolidated subsidiaries 

(0.7) 

Net income (loss) 

(63.9) 

(37.9) 

(10.8) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

(63,900) 

(37,900) 

(10,800) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

1,000 

1,000 

997 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY (in millions, except share amounts) 

Common Stock Number Of Shares 
 
 Class A Number Of Shares 

Class B Number Of Shares 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Loan to Dresser, Ltd. 

Dividends in Excess of Net Book Value 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total 

Balances as of January 1, 2002-Restated 

10,410,089 

790,744 

436.1 

(605.6) 

(45.9) 

(87.6) 

(303.0) 
 
 Issuance of shares for acquisitions 

250,000 

10.0 

10.0 

Issuance of shares to directors 

875 

Retirement of shares 

(7,017) 
 
 (48,680) 

(2.2) 

(2.2) 
 
 Corporate reorganization 
 
 1,000 
 
 (10,403,947) 
 
 (992,064) 

Redeemable stock 

(0.1) 

(0.1) 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

27.8 

27.8 

Unrealized gain on derivatives, net of tax 

3.6 

3.6 

Minimum pension liability, net of tax 

(28.7) 

(28.7) 
 
 Net loss 

(10.8) 

(10.8) 

Comprehensive loss 

(10.8) 

2.7 

(8.1) 

Balances as of December 31, 2002-Restated 
 
 1,000 

443.8 

(605.6) 

(56.7) 

(84.9) 

(303.4) 
 
 Issuance of shares related to severance obligations 

0.3 

0.3 

Redeemable stock 

(0.5) 

(0.5) 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

47.5 

47.5 

Unrealized gain on derivatives 

2.4 

2.4 

Minimum pension liability 

(18.9) 

(18.9) 
 
 Net loss 

(37.9) 

(37.9) 

Comprehensive loss 

(37.9) 

31.0 

(6.9) 

Balances as of December 31, 2003-Restated 
 
 1,000 

443.6 

(605.6) 

(94.6) 

(53.9) 

(310.5) 
 
 Stock option expense 

9.0 

9.0 

Reclassification of put rights to other accrued liabilities 

(2.5) 

(2.5) 
 
 Contribution of shares to Dresser, Ltd. 

(5.0) 

(5.0) 
 
 Exercise of Dresser, Ltd. stock option 

0.5 

0.5 

Reclassification from mandatorily redeemable common stock shares 

5.6 

5.6 

Proceeds from escrow 

2.9 

2.9 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

42.4 

42.4 

Unrealized gain on derivatives 

(1.0) 

(1.0) 
 
 Minimum pension liability 

(3.9) 

(3.9) 
 
 Net loss 

(63.9) 

(63.9) 

Comprehensive loss 

(63.4) 

37.5 

(26.4) 

Balances as of December 31, 2004 
 
 1,000 

455.7 

(1.6) 

(605.6) 

(158.5) 

(16.4) 

(326.4) 

See accompanying notes
to consolidated financial statement. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows (in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

2002 (Restated) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

(63.9) 

(37.9) 

(10.8) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flows provided by operating activities, net of effects for acquisitions of
businesses: 

Depreciation and amortization 

48.8 

44.0 

43.3 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

(3.9) 

(2.3) 

(3.0) 
 
 Loss on repayment of debt 

11.6 

1.1 

10.1 

Bad debt expense 

3.2 

5.9 

4.2 

Excess and obsolete inventory expense 

19.5 

7.9 

6.3 

Equity compensation 

9.0 

(Gain) loss on foreign currency exchange 

0.8 

(16.1) 

(7.8) 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing fees and bond premium 

4.7 

5.6 

6.0 

Impairment of assets 

63.8 

5.6 

1.6 

Loss on sale of subsidiary 

4.7 

Gain on sale of assets 

(5.6) 

Deferred income taxes 

(4.2) 

0.3 

(0.7) 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions of businesses 

Accounts receivable 

(88.2) 

(8.4) 

60.7 

Inventories 

(18.5) 

25.7 

47.8 

Accounts payable 

55.1 

18.3 

(16.6) 
 
 Accrued expenses 

2.2 

32.7 

(12.7) 
 
 Pension and other retiree benefit obligations 

(6.7) 

(1.0) 

5.7 

Deferred revenue 

6.0 

(1.2) 

6.1 

Other 

(0.7) 

(9.1) 

(3.9) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

33.0 

75.8 

136.3 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of businesses 

(167.5) 

(15.4) 

(21.4) 
 
 Capital expenditures 

(50.8) 

(30.8) 

(15.2) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of assets 

7.7 

Proceeds from sale of business 

24.0 

Changes in restricted cash 

9.6 

(10.3) 
 
 Other 

0.9 

1.8 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(209.7) 

(10.8) 

(46.9) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 

172.4 

256.3 

Repayment of long-term debt (including current portion) 

(57.6) 

(24.1) 

(313.9) 
 
 Net change in short-term notes payable 

8.0 

(12.9) 

(24.0) 
 
 Payment of deferred financing fees 

(3.5) 

(7.9) 
 
 Proceeds from the issuance of stock 

10.0 

Purchase of Dresser, Ltd. shares, net of proceeds from escrow and exercise of stock options 

(1.6) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

121.2 

(40.5) 

(79.5) 

Effect of translation adjustment on cash 

5.1 

9.0 

3.9 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(50.4) 

33.5 

13.8 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

149.0 

115.5 

101.7 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

98.6 

149.0 

115.5 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information (See Note 10): 

Cash payments during the period for: 

Interest 

76.5 

82.1 

77.6 

Income taxes 

18.4 

16.9 

21.9 
 
 See accompanying notes
to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Organization and Basis of
Presentation Dresser, Inc. was originally incorporated in
1998 under the laws of the state of Delaware, as Dresser Equipment Group, Inc. The certificate of incorporation was amended and restated on April 9, 2001 with our present name. As used in this report, the terms we, our, 
 us Dresser and the Company refer to Dresser, Inc. and its predecessors, subsidiaries and affiliates unless the context indicates otherwise. In January 2001, Halliburton Company Halliburton ), together with its wholly-owned subsidiary Dresser B.V.,
signed an Agreement and Plan of Recapitalization with DEG Acquisitions, LLC, an entity owned by affiliates of First Reserve Corporation First Reserve and Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC Odyssey ), to effect the
recapitalization of its businesses relating to, among other things, the design, manufacture and marketing of flow control, measurement systems and compression and power systems for domestic and international customers primarily in the energy
industry. In connection with the recapitalization in April 2001, we paid Halliburton 1,296.3 million to redeem our common equity and acquire the stock of certain foreign subsidiaries from Dresser B.V. The recapitalization transaction and related
expenses were financed through the issuance of 300 million of senior subordinated notes, 720 million of borrowings under our credit facility and approximately 400 million of common equity contributed by DEG Acquisitions, LLC. Halliburton retained
an approximate 5.1 voting interest as part of the recapitalization transaction. In accordance with the recapitalization agreement, we assumed certain liabilities from Halliburton primarily related to employees participation in Halliburton s retirement and postretirement benefit plans.
Halliburton also retained some of our liabilities as of the recapitalization date, principally related to specified legal and risk management matters and Halliburton provided other indemnifications against unrecognized contingent liabilities related
to, among other things, asbestos and environmental matters. See Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies . The recapitalization was accounted for as a distribution to Halliburton out of divisional equity in amounts exceeding our historical basis as follows (in
millions): 

Divisional equity at April 10, 2001 restated 

711.4 

Post-benefit retirement obligations assumed by Dresser, Inc. 

(59.1) 
 
 Liabilities retained by Halliburton 

5.9 

Effects of the reorganization 

32.5 

Cash paid 

(1,296.3) 

Dividends in excess of net book value restated 

(605.6) 

See Note 2 below for a
description of our restatement of historical financial statements. On July 3, 2002, we modified our corporate structure by forming a Delaware holding company and two Bermuda holding companies between the existing shareholders and Dresser, Inc. We are now wholly-owned by Dresser Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation. Dresser Holdings, Ltd., a Bermuda corporation, is the sole shareholder of Dresser Holdings, Inc., and Dresser, Ltd., a Bermuda corporation, is the sole shareholder of Dresser Holdings, Ltd. As a result of our new corporate structure,
our shares were cancelled and the holders became shareholders of Dresser, Ltd. Certain transactions conducted through Dresser, Ltd. (the parent) are reflected in the accounts of Dresser, Inc., in as much as the parent has no assets other than its
investment in Dresser, Inc. The consolidated financial
statements include our accounts, our wholly-owned subsidiaries and entities in which we own a controlling interest, after the elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions. The condition for control of entities is the ownership of a majority
voting interest or the ability to otherwise exercise control over the entity. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2. Restatement of Historical Financial Statements: During the preparation and review of our 2004 financial statements, we
determined it was necessary to restate our historical financial statements. The restatement resulted from errors identified in the amounts we had previously reported in our historical financial statements for the first nine months of 2004 and
periods prior to 2004. The errors related to: 

certain fourth quarter adjustments recorded and disclosed in 2003, which related to prior periods 2003 fourth quarter adjustments 

deferred tax adjustments arising from our 2001 recapitalization transaction; 

accounting for LIFO inventory; 

accounting for foreign currency translation; 

accounting for inventory including capitalization of inventory costs, the elimination of profits related to intercompany inventory transfers and excess and obsolete E O inventory reserves; 

capitalization and amortization of deferred financing fees; 

various reconciliation adjustments related to our on/off product line; and 

other various matters, primarily of a control related or bookkeeping nature identified during the preparation of our 2004 financial statements or in connection with the restatement
efforts discussed above. 2003 Fourth Quarter
Adjustments. During the fourth quarter of 2003, we recorded approximately 10.0 million in pre-tax expense and a reduction of income tax expense (discussed below in Deferred Tax Adjustments) of 2.4 million. During the preparation of our
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2004, we determined it was appropriate to further review the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments to determine the period in which each of the previously indeterminable items should have been properly
recorded. As a result of this review, we restated our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, for each of the quarters in 2003, and for each of the first three quarters in 2004. Approximately 4.9 million of the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments related to
our U.K. subsidiary, which experienced high management turnover and systems implementation issues prior to 2003. Consequently, errors occurred in various accounts as a result of a lack of adherence to internal control policies or bookkeeping
practices. During 2003, we determined that adjustments were required to correctly state various account balances. Upon completion of our analysis performed in 2005, we determined our original assessment of the 4.9 million in adjustments to our U.K.
subsidiary was overstated by 0.7 million, resulting in a total adjustment of 4.2 million for this subsidiary. The majority of the U.K. subsidiary s adjustments related to accounts receivable and inventory. Approximately 5.1 million of the 2003 fourth quarter adjustments related to
our foreign pension accruals as a result of some of our non-domestic subsidiary plans having been accounted for on a cash basis rather than an accrual basis. The remaining 2003 fourth quarter adjustments, the net effect of which was less than 0.1 million of loss, related to various errors including
capitalization of inventory costs, the classification of foreign currency translation on intercompany loans, the incorrect application of equity accounting on unconsolidated investments, reconciliation of intercompany accounts, recognition of
liabilities associated with unbilled items and depreciation expense. Upon completion of our analysis performed in 2005, we determined our original assessment of these 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 adjustments was understated by 1.2 million, resulting in a total adjustment of 1.2 million of cumulative income. In addition to the above errors, we had
incorrectly written-off an asset of 3.5 million representing the cash surrender value of an insurance policy. During the course of our analysis performed during 2005, we determined that our 2003 fourth quarter adjustments, which we originally disclosed as totaling
 10.0 million, required 5.4 million of reductions in order to correctly reflect the account activity. The restatement of our historical financial statements reflects the adjustments necessary to record these transactions in the period of origin.
 The net income impact of reversing the 2003 fourth quarter
adjustments and recording the adjustments in the period of origin was 11.3 million of income in 2003 and 0.2 million of loss in 2002. Deferred Tax Adjustments. As part of our 2001 recapitalization transaction, we formed a Canadian subsidiary. For tax accounting purposes, a fair
market value allocation of assets was required rather than the historical cost treatment for financial reporting required by the recapitalization. During preparation of our 2003 tax provision, we discovered that certain deferred tax assets resulting
from the Canadian transaction were not recorded in April 2001. In addition, we discovered that a deferred tax liability for tax deductible goodwill had inappropriately been applied against the reversal of certain deferred tax assets, thereby,
incorrectly reducing the amount of valuation allowance that had been established against the deferred tax assets. These adjustments were incorrectly recorded in the fourth quarter of 2003 in the net amount of 2.4 million as a benefit to income tax
expense. As a result of receiving cash associated with our
Canadian tax filings in the third quarter of 2004, management reassessed the Canadian valuation and allocation for tax purposes. As a result, we discovered additional differences between the book basis and tax basis in the underlying assets and
liabilities originating from the recapitalization transaction. In the third quarter of 2004, we recognized the change in our deferred taxes as an increase to equity since this would have been the appropriate treatment at the time of the
recapitalization transaction. The restatement of our historical financial statements reflects the adjustments necessary to correctly state our historical deferred taxes. The net income impact of reversing the deferred tax adjustments and recording
the adjustments in the period of origin was 2.7 million and 0.6 million of loss in 2003 and 2002, respectively. LIFO Inventory. During the preparation of our 2004 financial statements, we determined that the E O reserves (calculated on the First-In
First-Out FIFO basis) maintained by the LIFO business units were considered part of our LIFO reserve, and the E O reserve balance was inadvertently eliminated as a result of our LIFO calculation. Considering the lower of cost or
market approach to inventories, the associated inventories had no value under either the FIFO or LIFO methods of accounting, and the E O reserve should not have been eliminated. The correction of this error resulted in an additional 6.5 million
of E O reserves. Additionally, in December 2003, we
reduced our LIFO reserve by 0.5 million as part of our periodic review of the reserve account. Subsequently, we determined that an error was made in our initial calculation and the reduction should have been 0.9 million. We have reflected the
correction of this matter in the fourth quarter of 2003. The net income impact of recording the LIFO inventory adjustments in the period of origin resulted in losses of 0.4 million and 0.2 million in 2003 and 2002, respectively. Foreign Currency Translation . During the preparation of our
2004 financial statements, we determined that we had incorrectly classified certain intercompany loan balances for our subsidiaries as long-term, despite management s intention that such balances would be repaid in the short-term. As a result,
the short-term translation gains and losses related to these loans should have been recognized through the income statement in 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 the period in which the exchange rate change occurred instead of through other comprehensive income/(loss). The net income impact of recording the foreign
currency translation adjustments in the period of origin was 2.7 million and 4.5 million of income in 2003 and 2002, respectively. Inventor y Costing . We discovered errors primarily related to the capitalization of inventory costs and the elimination of profits on
intercompany transfers of inventory at our on/off valve operation. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2003, we did not correctly adjust our standard costs to reflect the actual cost of manufacturing. The correction of this error was included in the 2003
fourth quarter adjustments discussed above. Beginning with the first quarter of 2004, our on/off valve operation attempted to correct for its prior year deficiencies but inadvertently began to capitalize costs that did not constitute capitalizable
costs. We have now correctly applied full cost absorption at our on/off valve operation and properly calculated the profit elimination related to intercompany inventory transfers. In addition, we discovered errors related to our reserve for E O
inventory at two of our operations and adjustments at another operation were necessary due to a failure to reconcile general ledger balances to the perpetual inventory system, which we have now properly stated. The net income impact of recording the
inventory costing adjustments in the period of origin was 0.7 million and 3.9 million of income in 2003 and 2002, respectively. Deferred Financing Fees. In the course of preparing our 2004 financial statements, we determined that expenses related to the 2001 recapitalization
transaction were incorrectly capitalized, resulting in subsequent errors to amortization expense and the write-off of deferred financing fees related to the refinancing of our Tranche A term loan in 2002 and our Tranche B term loan in 2004. The net
income impact of recording the deferred financing fees adjustments in the period of origin was 0.4 million and 2.0 million in 2003 and 2002, respectively. On/Off Adjustments . During the fourth quarter of 2003, our Houston on/off valve operation performed an extensive review and reconciliation of its
balance sheet accounts and recorded correcting adjustments of approximately 2.8 million in that quarter. The adjustments primarily related to the correction of purchase price adjustment of 1.2 million, a rebate provision of 0.5 million and the
correction of a commission reserve of 0.7 million. The net income impact of recording the on/off adjustments in the period of origin was 2.6 million of loss in 2003 and 2.0 million of income in 2002. Other Adjustments. During the preparation of our 2004 financial
statements, we identified other items requiring adjustments for the periods under restatement and reflected these adjustments in the period in which they originated. In addition, we recorded a Type I subsequent events adjustment of 1.5 million
during the third quarter of 2004 reflecting the resolution of a previously outstanding legal issue. The cumulative amount of these adjustments was 1.1 million of income through September 30, 2004. The net income impact of recording the other
adjustments in the period of origin was 2.6 million of loss in 2003 and 1.0 million of income in 2002. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Financial Impact of Restatement The total cumulative impact of the restatements items described above was an increase of our shareholders 
equity of 2.1 million as of December 31, 2003, which included a decrease in beginning shareholders equity as of January 1, 2002 of 12.5 million. The combined effect of the correction of these errors was an increase in income of 6.2 million
through December 31, 2003. Our historical financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, for each of the quarters in 2003, and for each of the first three quarters of 2004 reflect the effects of correcting the errors discussed above. Accordingly, the financial statements and related
financial information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, or our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for any periods prior to and including September 30, 2004, should no longer be relied upon. A
summary of the effects of the restatements on reported amounts for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 is presented below. The tables reflect the impact of the errors as an increase (decrease) to the financial statements. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

As Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

Year ended December 31, 2003 
 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 

Revenues 

1,657.0 

4.1 

1,661.1 

Cost of revenues 

1,223.8 

1.4 

1,225.2 

Gross profit 

433.2 

2.7 

435.9 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

384.6 

(2.3) 

382.3 

Operating Income 

48.6 

5.0 

53.6 

Interest expense 

(85.8) 

0.3 

(85.5) 
 
 Interest income 

2.9 

2.9 

Other income (expense), net 

3.2 

3.0 

6.2 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(31.1) 

8.3 

(22.8) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

(14.5) 

(2.9) 

(17.4) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(45.6) 

5.4 

(40.2) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

0.9 

1.4 

2.3 

Net income (loss) 

(44.7) 

6.8 

(37.9) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(44,700) 

6,800 

(37,900) 

Year ended December 31, 2002 

Revenues 

1,589.4 

1.0 

1,590.4 

Cost of revenues 

1,167.8 

(4.2) 

1,163.6 

Gross profit 

421.6 

5.2 

426.8 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

338.7 

3.1 

341.8 

Operating Income 

82.9 

2.1 

85.0 

Interest expense 

(98.6) 

3.3 

(95.3) 
 
 Interest income 

2.6 

0.1 

2.7 

Other income (expense), net 

(0.2) 

8.0 

7.8 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(13.3) 

13.5 

0.2 

Provision for income taxes 

(13.4) 

(0.6) 

(14.0) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(26.7) 

12.9 

(13.8) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

3.5 

(0.5) 

3.0 

Net income (loss) 

(23.2) 

12.4 

(10.8) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(23,200) 

12,400 

(10,800) 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

December 31, 2003 
 
 (in millions) 

Cash and equivalents 

148.9 

0.1 

149.0 

Receivables, net 

276.2 

0.2 

276.4 

Notes receivable 

4.4 

4.4 

Inventories 

290.3 

(10.1) 

280.2 

Other current assets 

21.2 

0.1 

21.3 

Total current assets 

741.0 

(9.7) 

731.3 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

208.1 

208.1 

Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

7.3 

(0.2) 

7.1 

Goodwill 

315.2 

315.2 

Deferred financing fees 

40.2 

(1.5) 

38.7 

Other assets 

92.4 

11.7 

104.1 

Total assets 

1,404.2 

0.3 

1,404.5 

Accounts payable 

198.4 

(0.1) 

198.3 

Notes payable 

2.9 

2.9 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

2.7 

2.7 

Accrued payroll and other compensation 

47.6 

0.6 

48.2 

Deferred revenue 

27.0 

(1.0) 

26.0 

Accrued warranty 

26.9 

26.9 

Income taxes payable 

22.8 

(2.9) 

19.9 

Accrued expenses 

68.5 

2.2 

70.7 

Total current liabilities 

396.8 

(1.2) 

395.6 

Pension and other retiree benefits 

340.1 

(0.2) 

339.9 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

941.4 

941.4 

Deferred Taxes 

3.1 

3.1 

Other liabilities 

22.1 

0.1 

22.2 

Total liabilities 

1,703.5 

(1.3) 

1,702.2 

Minority interest 

0.4 

0.4 

Mandatorily redeemable common stock 

12.9 

(0.5) 

12.4 

Total shareholders deficit 

(312.6) 

2.1 

(310.5) 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

1,404.2 

0.3 

1,404.5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

As Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2003 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

74.6 

1.2 

75.8 

Year ended December 31, 2002 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

137.2 

(0.9) 

136.3 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Deficit 

As Reported 

Adjustments 

As Restated 

(in millions) 

As of January 1, 2002 

Additional paid in capital (1) 

439.4 

(3.3) 

436.1 

Dividends in excess of book value (2) 

(595.8) 

(9.8) 

(605.6) 
 
 Accumulated deficit (3) 

(44.8) 

(1.1) 

(45.9) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (4) 

(89.3) 

1.7 

(87.6) 

(1) 
 Adjustment primarily represents reclassification of Entech shares to mandatorily redeemable common stock. See Note 17 for a discussion of a mandatorily redeemable common stock.

(2) 
 Adjustment represents a) 12.1 million of net loss adjustments related to errors affecting net income in periods prior to our April 10, 2001 recapitalization transaction, and b)
 5.5 million in adjustments due to corrections related to the capitalization of deferred financing fees, partially offset by c) 7.8 million due to increases in deferred tax balance as part of our recapitalization transaction.

(3) 
 Adjustment represents the change in our accumulated deficit balance at January 1, 2002, the earliest period presented. 

(4) 
 Adjustment relates to reclassifying foreign exchange gains and losses related to the translation of intercompany loans from other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance
sheet to other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. 3. Restated Quarterly Financial Statements Unaudited The below unaudited consolidated statements of operations have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America U.S. GAAP for interim financial information. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The following tables set forth quarterly information as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2003 and our unaudited Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for periods prior to and including September 30, 2004, as well as restated quarterly information for the same periods. See Note 2. Restatement of Historical
Financial Statements for a discussion of the errors related to our restatement. 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 2004 

June 30, 2004 

September 30, 2004 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

(in millions, except share and per share amounts) 

Revenues 

436.3 

436.4 

495.9 

496.1 

508.3 

506.7 

Cost of revenues 

311.9 

315.1 

352.5 

350.6 

360.9 

361.8 

Gross profit 

124.4 

121.3 

143.4 

145.5 

147.4 

144.9 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

104.7 

104.8 

103.7 

103.3 

116.7 

115.8 

Operating income 

19.7 

16.5 

39.7 

42.2 

30.7 

29.1 

Interest expense 

(36.0) 

(30.6) 

(18.5) 

(19.1) 

(20.2) 

(20.5) 
 
 Interest income 

0.3 

0.3 

0.2 

0.2 

0.4 

0.4 

Other income (expense), net 

(0.2) 

(0.7) 

0.2 

0.2 

(0.8) 

(0.4) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(16.2) 

(14.5) 

21.6 

23.5 

10.1 

8.6 

Provision for income taxes 

(3.2) 

(3.2) 

(4.0) 

(4.0) 

(6.1) 

(6.0) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(19.4) 

(17.7) 

17.6 

19.5 

4.0 

2.6 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

0.9 

0.7 

0.7 

0.7 

0.8 

0.7 

Minority owner s share of consolidated subsidiaries 

0.1 

0.1 

(0.2) 

(0.2) 

(0.7) 

(0.7) 

Net income (loss) 

(18.4) 

(16.9) 

18.1 

20.0 

4.1 

2.6 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

(18,400) 

(16,900) 

18,100 

20,000 

4,100 

2,600 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 2003 

June 30, 2003 

September 30, 2003 

December 31, 2003 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

(in millions, except share and per share amounts) 

Revenues 

371.4 

371.7 

394.9 

395.4 

417.5 

418.0 

473.2 

476.0 

Cost of revenues 

271.5 

274.4 

293.8 

294.2 

306.1 

306.4 

352.4 

350.2 

Gross profit 

99.9 

97.3 

101.1 

101.2 

111.4 

111.6 

120.8 

125.8 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

88.6 

90.5 

95.1 

95.4 

88.8 

90.0 

112.1 

106.4 

Operating income 

11.3 

6.8 

6.0 

5.8 

22.6 

21.6 

8.7 

19.4 

Interest expense 

(20.4) 

(20.5) 

(21.3) 

(21.2) 

(21.2) 

(21.1) 

(22.9) 

(22.8) 
 
 Interest income 

1.3 

1.3 

0.6 

0.6 

0.5 

0.5 

0.5 

0.6 

Other income (expense), net 

3.1 

3.7 

5.1 

5.6 

(0.8) 

1.2 

(4.2) 

(4.3) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(4.7) 

(8.7) 

(9.6) 

(9.2) 

1.1 

2.2 

(17.9) 

(7.1) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

(2.2) 

(2.2) 

(8.0) 

(8.0) 

(10.8) 

(10.8) 

6.5 

3.6 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(6.9) 

(10.9) 

(17.6) 

(17.2) 

(9.7) 

(8.6) 

(11.4) 

(3.5) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

0.8 

0.2 

0.7 

0.2 

0.5 

0.6 

(1.1) 

1.3 

Net income (loss) 

(6.1) 

(10.7) 

(16.9) 

(17.0) 

(9.2) 

(8.0) 

(12.5) 

(2.2) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

(6,100) 

(10,700) 

(16,900) 

(17,000) 

(9,200) 

(8,000) 

(12,500) 

(2,200) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

1,000 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 2004 

June 30, 2004 

September 30, 2004 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

(in millions) 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

106.3 

106.4 

90.4 

90.5 

102.0 

102.1 

Accounts and notes receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

286.1 

286.7 

393.0 

393.7 

384.2 

383.8 

Inventories 

296.1 

283.3 

326.2 

314.9 

338.2 

326.3 

Other current assets 

16.7 

16.7 

23.7 

23.7 

25.0 

25.1 

Total current assets 

705.2 

693.1 

833.3 

822.8 

849.4 

837.3 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

213.0 

213.0 

236.7 

236.7 

226.9 

226.9 

Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

7.9 

7.5 

8.4 

7.9 

8.4 

7.8 

Goodwill 

314.8 

314.8 

394.7 

394.7 

396.0 

396.0 

Other assets 

123.4 

138.9 

139.5 

154.6 

147.5 

162.2 

Total assets 

1,364.3 

1,367.3 

1,612.6 

1,616.7 

1,628.2 

1,630.2 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accounts and notes payable, net of current maturities 

188.0 

187.9 

261.7 

261.4 

271.4 

271.0 

Accrued payroll and other compensation 

45.6 

46.2 

61.1 

61.7 

58.6 

59.2 

Other accrued expenses 

157.6 

156.6 

139.7 

138.2 

160.6 

161.1 

Total current liabilities 

391.2 

390.7 

462.5 

461.3 

490.6 

491.3 

Pension and other retiree benefit obligations 

350.9 

350.5 

344.9 

344.4 

341.9 

341.5 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

918.9 

918.9 

1,091.5 

1,091.5 

1,072.5 

1,072.5 

Other liabilities 

25.2 

25.6 

21.7 

22.0 

20.8 

21.0 

Total liabilities 

1,686.2 

1,685.7 

1,920.6 

1,919.2 

1,925.8 

1,926.3 

Commitments and contingencies 

Minority interest 

0.3 

0.3 

2.9 

2.9 

3.5 

3.5 

Mandatorily redeemable common stock of Dresser, Ltd. 

12.9 

12.3 

7.4 

6.8 

7.4 

6.9 

Total shareholders deficit 

(335.1) 

(331.0) 

(318.3) 

(312.2) 

(308.5) 

(306.5) 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

1,364.3 

1,367.3 

1,612.6 

1,616.7 

1,628.2 

1,630.2 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Quarter Ended 

March 31, 2003 

June 30, 2003 

September 30, 2003 

December 31, 2003 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

(in millions) 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

123.9 

120.0 

102.2 

96.7 

113.2 

112.1 

148.9 

149.0 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

284.3 

282.5 

297.8 

296.6 

300.0 

299.1 

280.6 

280.8 

Inventories 

299.5 

291.4 

310.8 

302.5 

318.7 

307.7 

290.3 

280.2 

Other current assets 

16.3 

19.8 

21.6 

26.6 

18.3 

18.9 

21.2 

21.3 

Total current assets 

724.0 

713.7 

732.4 

722.4 

750.2 

737.8 

741.0 

731.3 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

202.0 

201.4 

204.2 

203.6 

204.1 

203.5 

208.1 

208.1 

Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

8.8 

6.6 

9.4 

6.7 

10.0 

7.4 

7.3 

7.1 

Goodwill 

302.8 

302.8 

317.0 

317.0 

312.4 

312.4 

315.2 

315.2 

Other assets 

138.7 

145.9 

144.3 

150.9 

145.7 

151.4 

132.6 

142.8 

Total assets 

1,376.3 

1,370.4 

1,407.3 

1,400.6 

1,422.4 

1,412.5 

1,404.2 

1,404.5 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accounts payable 

186.8 

188.5 

202.0 

201.9 

201.0 

201.4 

204.0 

203.9 

Accrued payroll and other compensation 

28.2 

28.2 

28.8 

28.8 

32.0 

32.0 

48.2 

48.2 

Other accrued expenses 

140.2 

139.8 

138.0 

139.2 

172.2 

170.2 

144.6 

143.5 

Total current liabilities 

355.2 

356.5 

368.8 

369.9 

405.2 

403.6 

396.8 

395.6 

Pension and other retiree benefit obligations 

321.3 

323.0 

324.8 

326.5 

322.1 

323.8 

340.1 

339.9 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

960.2 

960.2 

959.4 

959.4 

958.9 

958.9 

941.4 

941.4 

Other liabilities 

28.7 

28.8 

27.6 

27.6 

30.2 

30.4 

25.2 

25.3 

Total liabilities 

1,665.4 

1,668.5 

1,680.6 

1,683.4 

1,716.4 

1,716.7 

1,703.5 

1,702.2 

Commitments and contingencies 

Minority interest 

0.4 

0.4 

Mandatorily redeemable common stock of Dresser, Ltd. 

7.9 

11.8 

7.9 

11.8 

7.9 

11.8 

12.9 

12.4 

Total shareholders deficit 

(297.0) 

(309.9) 

(281.2) 

(294.6) 

(301.9) 

(316.0) 

(312.6) 

(310.5) 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

1,376.3 

1,370.4 

1,407.3 

1,400.6 

1,422.4 

1,412.5 

1,404.2 

1,404.5 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Period Ended 

March 31, 2004 

June 30, 2004 

September 30, 2004 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

(in millions) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

(18.4) 

(16.9) 

(0.3) 

3.1 

3.8 

5.8 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flows provided by operating activities, net of effects for acquisitions of
businesses: 

Depreciation and amortization 

11.2 

11.2 

22.0 

22.6 

35.6 

35.6 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

(0.9) 

(0.7) 

(1.6) 

(1.4) 

(2.4) 

(2.0) 
 
 Loss on repayment of debt 

16.9 

11.3 

16.9 

11.3 

16.6 

11.5 

Equity compensation 

0.2 

0.2 

0.4 

0.4 

3.4 

3.4 

(Gain) loss on foreign currency exchange 

0.3 

0.8 

0.8 

1.4 

1.7 

1.9 

Amortization of deferred financing fees and bond premium 

1.0 

1.3 

0.8 

2.4 

2.8 

3.6 

Deferred income taxes 

(1.5) 

(1.5) 

(4.9) 

(4.9) 

(1.8) 

(1.8) 
 
 Other changes in assets and liabilites, net 

(15.5) 

(12.2) 

(39.8) 

(40.6) 

(28.0) 

(26.3) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(6.7) 

(6.5) 

(5.7) 

(5.7) 

31.7 

31.7 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acqusition of businesses 

(171.5) 

(171.5) 

(174.0) 

(174.0) 
 
 Capital expenditures 

(12.9) 

(12.9) 

(28.5) 

(28.5) 

(36.5) 

(36.5) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of assets 

0.3 

0.3 

4.2 

4.2 

Changes in restricted cash 

0.2 

(1.3) 

(1.6) 

(1.6) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(12.9) 

(12.7) 

(199.7) 

(201.0) 

(207.9) 

(207.9) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 

360.0 

172.4 

172.4 

172.8 

172.8 

Repayment of long-term debt (including current portion) 

(381.5) 

(25.0) 

(25.2) 

(25.2) 

(46.9) 

(46.9) 
 
 Net change in short-term notes payable 

1.6 

1.6 

3.7 

3.7 

5.9 

5.9 

Changes in restricted cash 

0.2 

(1.3) 

Payment of deferred financing fees 

(3.3) 

Purchase of Dresser, Ltd. shares, net of proceeds from escrow and exercise of stock options 

(1.9) 

(1.9) 

(1.9) 

(1.9) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(23.0) 

(23.4) 

147.7 

149.0 

129.9 

129.9 

Effect of translation adjustment on cash 

(0.8) 

(0.8) 

(0.6) 

(0.6) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(42.6) 

(42.6) 

(58.5) 

(58.5) 

(46.9) 

(46.9) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

148.9 

149.0 

148.9 

149.0 

148.9 

149.0 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

106.3 

106.4 

90.4 

90.5 

102.0 

102.1 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Period Ended 

March 31, 2003 

June 30, 2003 

September 30, 2003 

December 31, 2003 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

As Reported (unaudited) 

As Restated (unaudited) 

(in millions) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

(6.1) 

(10.7) 

(23.0) 

(27.7) 

(32.2) 

(35.7) 

(44.7) 

(37.9) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flows provided by operating activities, net of effects for acquisitions of
businesses: 

Depreciation and amortization 

10.5 

10.6 

21.3 

21.4 

31.7 

31.8 

44.5 

44.0 

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

(0.8) 

(0.2) 

(1.5) 

(0.4) 

(2.0) 

(1.0) 

(0.9) 

(2.3) 
 
 Loss on repayment of debt 

0.1 

0.5 

0.1 

0.5 

0.1 

0.5 

1.1 

1.1 

(Gain) loss on foreign currency exchange 

(2.8) 

(3.5) 

(8.0) 

9.1 

(7.1) 

(10.2) 

(13.0) 

(16.1) 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing fees and bond premium 

1.4 

1.3 

2.9 

2.7 

4.5 

4.1 

5.5 

5.6 

Deferred income taxes 

0.1 

0.1 

0.4 

0.4 

0.4 

0.4 

(2.5) 

0.3 

Impairment of assets 

4.4 

4.4 

5.0 

5.0 

4.6 

4.6 

5.3 

5.3 

Other changes, net 

17.5 

21.8 

6.5 

(8.0) 

36.5 

40.2 

79.3 

75.8 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

24.3 

24.3 

3.7 

3.0 

36.5 

34.7 

74.6 

75.8 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acqusition of assets 

(15.4) 

(15.4) 

(15.4) 

(15.4) 

(15.4) 

(15.4) 

(15.4) 

(15.4) 
 
 Capital expenditures 

(1.9) 

(1.9) 

(7.4) 

(7.4) 

(17.8) 

(17.8) 

(30.8) 

(30.8) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 

24.0 

24.0 

Changes in restricted cash 

6.9 

5.3 

9.7 

9.6 

Other 

1.5 

1.5 

1.8 

1.8 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(17.3) 

(10.4) 

(22.8) 

(17.5) 

(31.7) 

(22.0) 

(20.4) 

(10.8) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of long-term debt (including current portion) 

(7.5) 

(7.5) 

(7.5) 

(7.5) 

(8.8) 

(8.8) 

(24.1) 

(24.1) 
 
 Net change in short-term notes payable 

(2.5) 

(2.5) 

(1.1) 

(1.1) 

(9.1) 

(9.1) 

(12.9) 

(12.9) 
 
 Changes in restricted cash 

7.5 

7.5 

7.5 

6.8 

Payment of deferred financing fees 

(1.3) 

(0.6) 

(3.9) 

(2.1) 

(2.9) 

(3.5) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(2.5) 

(10.0) 

(2.4) 

(9.2) 

(14.3) 

(20.0) 

(33.1) 

(40.5) 

Effect of translation adjustment on cash 

0.6 

0.6 

4.9 

4.9 

3.9 

3.9 

9.0 

9.0 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

5.1 

4.5 

(16.6) 

(18.8) 

(5.6) 

(3.4) 

30.1 

33.5 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

118.8 

115.5 

118.8 

115.5 

118.8 

115.5 

118.8 

115.5 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

123.9 

120.0 

102.2 

96.7 

113.2 

112.1 

148.9 

149.0 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 4. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Use of Estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. While management believes that the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements are reasonable, actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue Recognition Revenues on sales of our products, net of estimated costs of returns,
allowance and sales incentives, are recognized (i) when title and risk of ownership transfers and (ii) when we have fulfilled all but inconsequential or perfunctory actions related to the transaction. Some of our customer agreements provide that
title transfer does not take place prior to customer acceptance and testing of the product, which may occur subsequent to delivery, in which case revenue recognition is delayed until we have obtained post-delivery customer acceptance. We provide for
estimated returns and allowances based upon historical experience with customers and contractual terms that allow limited returns on product sales. Shipping, freight and handling costs are included in cost of revenues; amounts billed to customers for shipping, freight and handling are included in
revenues. Progress billings to customers are generally shown as deferred revenue. Service revenues and software sales are not a significant component of our total revenues. Research and Development Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Research and development costs, recorded as a component
of selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses in the financial statements, were 31.6 million, 21.9 million, and 21.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Customer sponsored research and
development expense included in those costs were 2.2 million and 3.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. There were no material costs associated with customer sponsored research and development expense in 2002. In
September 2004, we acquired several engines and core technology for the purpose of advancing the development of new engine designs. We accounted for this transaction in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard SFAS No. 2, Accounting for Research and Development Costs and as a result recognized 12.3 million of expense in 2004. See Note 9. Acquisitions and Dispositions for further information. Cash and Cash Equivalents All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or
less are considered to be cash equivalents. We maintain cash on deposit with banks that is pledged for a particular use. We classify these restricted cash balances as other current assets in our balance sheet. Restricted cash totaled 0.7 million at
both December 31, 2004 and 2003. Accounts Receivables
and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Our accounts
receivable are due primarily from companies in the energy industry. Credit is extended based on evaluation of the customer s financial condition and generally collateral is not required. Accounts receivable 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 are generally due within 30 days for our domestic customers and between 60 days and 120 days for our foreign customers, depending on the geographic region of
distribution. Accounts receivable are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment term are considered past due. We record an allowance on an estimated basis
by considering a number of factors, including the length of time the accounts are past due, our previous loss history, the customer s current ability to pay its obligation to us and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a
whole. We establish a provision for losses on accounts receivable when we determine we will not collect all or a part of the outstanding balance and record a charge to selling, engineering, administrative and general expense. Payments subsequently
received on reserved receivables are credited back to expense in the period the payment is received. Accounts receivable are stated at their net realizable value and include an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts of 15.6 million and 15.4 million
at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. As of December 31, 2004, approximately 40.6 million or 9.0 of our accounts receivable were past due in excess of 90 days. As of December 31, 2003, approximately 27.9 million or 9.7 of our accounts
receivable were past due in excess of 90 days. Inventories A portion of our U.S.
inventories are valued at the lower of cost using the Last-In, First-Out (LIFO) method for financial reporting purposes, or market. The balance of the U.S. inventories and inventories of consolidated operations outside the U.S. are valued at the
lower of cost, using either the First-In, First-Out (FIFO) or weighted average cost method, or market. Reserves for excess and obsolete inventories are based on an assessment of slow-moving and obsolete inventories, determined by historical usage
and estimated future demand. Excess and obsolete inventory reserves were 44.3 million and 40.1 (restated) million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment Our property, plant and equipment is recorded at its original cost of construction or upon acquisition, at the cost of the assets acquired. Depreciation
on plant and equipment is generally calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets of 10 to 30 years for buildings and 3 to 17 years for machinery and equipment. Some assets are depreciated using accelerated
methods. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and expenditures for improvements that extend the life of the asset are generally capitalized. Upon sale or retirement of an asset, the related costs and accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any gain or loss is recognized as a component of selling, engineering, administrative and general expense. When events or changes in circumstances indicate that assets may be impaired, an evaluation is performed. The estimated future undiscounted cash flows
associated with the asset are compared to the asset s carrying amount to determine if an impairment charge is required. Equity Investments Our investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries include investments in five entities ranging from 44.75 to 50 ownership. These investments are accounted
for using the equity method of accounting when we have a 20 to 50 ownership interest or have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee. Under the equity method, the original investments
are recorded at cost and adjusted by our share of undistributed earnings or losses of the entities. Our distributions from unconsolidated 
 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 subsidiaries were 1.8 million for each year ended December 31, 2004 and 2003. Investments where we have a controlling interest are consolidated into our
financial statements. If we own less than 20 and do not have the ability to exercise significant influence, the investment is accounted for under the cost method. These investments are carried at cost and are adjusted only for other-than-temporary
declines in fair value. Variable Interest Entities
 We are required to consolidate certain variable
interest entities where we are considered to be the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity
to finance its activities without additional subordinated support from other parties. Consolidation is required when, with respect to these variable interest entities, we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary as the entity that absorbs a majority
of the variable interest entities expected losses, receives a majority of the entities expected residual returns, or both. We have carried out an assessment of potential variable interest entities and have concluded we have no ownership
in any variable interest entity. Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets We account for goodwill in
accordance with SFAS No. 142 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Goodwill is assessed annually in the fourth quarter for impairment and when events or circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. See
Note 8. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, for a description of our methodology for impairment testing. Patents and other intangible assets are recorded at cost, less accumulated amortization. Patents and other intangible assets are amortized over their
estimated useful lives, ranging from 5 to 40 years, and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Stock-based Compensation Prior to 2004, we applied Accounting Principles Board APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees, and the related interpretations in accounting for our stock-based plans. No stock-based compensation was reflected in our 2003 or 2002 net loss, as all options granted under our stock-based compensation plans had an exercise price
equal to the market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. Effective January 1, 2004, we adopted the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation . Under the modified
prospective method of adoption as provided by SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation Transition and Disclosure , compensation cost recognized in 2004 is the same as that which would have been recognized had the
recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123 been applied from their original effective date. Results for prior years have not been restated. The following table illustrates the effect on net income (loss) if we had applied the fair value recognition
provisions of SFAS No. 123, as amended by SFAS No. 148, to stock-based employee compensation for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002. For purposes of proforma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the options is amortized to expense
over the expected vesting period of the options. See Note 16. Shareholders Equity for a discussion of the assumptions used in the option pricing model and estimated fair value of the employee stock options. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

2002 (Restated) 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 

Net income (loss) as reported 

(63.9) 

(37.9) 

(10.8) 
 
 Add: Stock-based employee compensation expense included in reported net income, net of related tax effects 

9.0 

Deduct: Total stock-based employee compensation expense determined under fair value based method for all awards, net of related tax
effects 

(9.0) 

(0.8) 

(1.4) 

Pro forma net income (loss) 

(63.9) 

(38.7) 

(12.2) 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic and diluted as reported 

(63,900) 

(37,900) 

(10,800) 

Basic and diluted pro forma 

(63,900) 

(38,700) 

(12,200) 

Income Taxes
 We report current income taxes based on our taxable
income, and we provide for deferred income taxes to reflect estimated future tax payments and receipts. Deferred taxes represent the tax impacts of temporary differences between the financial statement basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities
at each year and deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. In assessing the realizability of deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that a portion of those assets will not be realized in a future period. A valuation allowance is applied against deferred tax assets to the extent it is more likely than not that
such assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance is subject to revision, either up or down, in future periods based on new facts or circumstances. Product Warranties We provide for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized and revise these estimates as necessary. While we engage in
product quality programs and processes, including actively 
 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 monitoring and evaluating the quality from our suppliers, our warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates, material usage and service delivery
costs incurred in correcting a product failure. Should actual product failure rates, material usage or service delivery costs differ from our estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required. In conjunction with our
acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business, we assumed approximately 2.3 million of accrued warranties, which has been reflected as changes in accruals related to pre-existing warranties. The following table shows the activity of our
warranty accrual: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2003 

(in millions) 

Balance at the beginning of the period 

26.9 

18.9 

Accruals for warranties issued during the period 

26.8 

23.3 

Changes in accruals related to pre-existing warranties 

(3.7) 

3.8 

Settlements made (in cash or in kind) during the period 

(24.2) 

(19.1) 

Balance at the end of the period 

25.8 

26.9 

Pension
Obligations We maintain several pension plans which
require us to make contributions to fund the benefits to be paid out under the plans. These contributions are invested until the benefits are paid out to plan participants. We record benefit expense related to these plans in our statement of
operations. This benefit expense is a function of many factors including benefits earned during the year by plan participants (which is a function of the level of benefits provided under the plan, actuarial assumptions, and the passage of time),
expected return on plan assets and recognition of certain deferred gains and losses. We compare the benefits earned, or the accumulated benefit obligation, to the plan s fair value of assets on an annual basis. To the extent the plan s accumulated benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of
the plan assets, we record an additional liability and an amount to other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes, in our financial statements. We do not record an additional minimum liability if it is less than the liability already accrued for the
plan. Derivative Instruments We account for all derivative instruments, such as interest rate swap
contracts and foreign exchange contracts, under SFAS 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities and we recognize these instruments on our balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivative
instruments are either recognized in income or as a component of comprehensive income (loss) depending on whether the derivative instrument qualifies for hedge accounting. Changes in fair values of derivatives accounted for as hedges, to the extent
they are effective as hedges, are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) net of deferred taxes. Changes in fair value of derivatives not qualifying as hedges are reported as gains or losses in our statement of operations. Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation We record all currency transaction gains and losses in income. These gains
or losses are classified in our statement of operations based upon the nature of the transaction that gives rise to the currency gain or loss. For sales and purchases of commodities or goods, these gains or losses are included in operating revenue
or expense. For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, we recognized gains of approximately 19.4 million, 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 28.3 million and 3.1 million in gross profit and losses of approximately 10.6 million, 17.6 million and 2.3 million in selling, engineering,
administrative and general expense. For gains or losses on foreign denominated intercompany loans which are expected to be repaid, we include these gains or losses as a component in other income (expense), net. Revenues and expenses are translated
at average exchange rates in effect during the year. For the year ended December 31, 2004, we recorded a net foreign currency gain of 0.8 million. For the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, we recorded net foreign currency losses of 16.1
million (restated) and 7.8 million (restated), primarily related to our foreign-denominated intercompany loans. For foreign operations whose functional currency is deemed to be other than the U.S. dollar, assets and liabilities are translated at
current exchange rates and included as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders deficit. The cumulative foreign currency translation gain recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
was 70.1 million and 27.7 million (restated) at December 31, 2004 and 2003. Mandatorily Redeemable Common Stock Certain members of current and former management own common stock of Dresser, Ltd, our parent company, subject to mandatory redemption in the event of their termination or resignation. In as much as the obligations
under this agreement are outside of our control, the obligations are reflected in our financial statements as mandatorily redeemable common stock. Each employee stockholder has the right, known as a put right, to cause us to purchase their shares
pursuant to the terms of their respective employment agreements. The put right generally expires nine months after employment termination, unless otherwise specified in subsequent agreements. When the put right expires, the fair value of the stock
is reclassified from mandatorily redeemable common stock to additional paid-in capital in our balance sheet. Any changes in fair value subsequent to expiration of the put right are recognized as changes to additional paid-in capital. Dividends in Excess of Net Book Value and Retained Deficit
 In connection with the leveraged recapitalization,
dividends in excess of our net book value at April 10, 2001 were paid and/or settled with Halliburton. See Note 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation. The excess of dividends to Halliburton over our net book value at that date is reflected in
our consolidated financial statements as a permanent reduction of shareholders deficit in the amount of 605.6 million. Prior to our leveraged recapitalization, we were organized as a division within Halliburton and our accounts reflected divisional equity, all of which
were a component of the dividend to Halliburton in connection with the leveraged recapitalization. Accordingly, retained deficit reflects our cumulative loss activity since April 10, 2001. Income (Loss) Per Share We compute basic and diluted income (loss) per share in accordance with SFAS
No. 128, Earnings per Share. Basic income (loss) per share is determined by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share is determined by
dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares and potential common shares outstanding during the period. We had no potential common shares outstanding for any of the periods presented. Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income (loss) includes net income (loss), foreign currency
translation adjustments, amounts relating to cash flow hedges and minimum pension liability adjustments. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Contingencies During 2004, we commenced an investigation concerning export sales by certain of our affiliates to U.S.-sanctioned
countries. While our investigation has been completed and voluntary disclosure reports have been submitted to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments, it remains unclear as to what extent the various activities reported to these government
agencies violate U.S. export control and economic sanctions regulations and what penalties the government agencies may seek to impose for conduct that is found to be unlawful. See Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies for further
discussion. In the ordinary course of business, we are
involved in legal proceedings or claims involving contractual and employment relationships, product liability claims, trademark rights, environmental and a variety of other matters. We record contingent liabilities resulting from claims against us
when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, in some cases including judgments about the potential actions of third
party claimants and courts and indemnification provisions. Therefore, actual losses in future periods are inherently uncertain. We expense costs associated with legal fees as incurred as a component of selling, engineering, administrative and
general expense. Accounting for the Medicare
Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 In January 2004, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position FSP 106-1, Accounting and Disclosure Requirements Related to the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 which was amended by FSP
106-2 in May 2004 and is effective as of the first interim or annual period beginning after June 15, 2004. We adopted FSP 106-2 as of April 2004. FSP 106-2 provides guidance on accounting for the effects of the new Medicare prescription drug
legislation by employers who provide prescription drug coverage for retirees eligible for Medicare. We recognized the effect of the new retiree prescription drug benefit covered by Medicare, and as a result, recorded a net benefit of 3.9 million
during 2004, which was reflected as a reduction of selling, engineering, general and administrative expenses. We have elected not to apply for federal subsidies eligible under the Act. New Accounting Pronouncements Issued But Not Yet Adopted There are several accounting standards and interpretations that have not yet
been adopted by us. Below is a discussion of significant standards that may impact us. Inventory Costing. In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 151, Inventory Costs an Amendment of ARB No. 43, Chapter 4 . This statement clarifies the accounting for idle facility expense,
freight, handling costs and wasted material to require these items to be expensed as current period charges, regardless of whether they meet the criterion of abnormal previously defined in Accounting Research Bulletin ARB 43. This statement also requires that allocation of fixed production overheads to the costs of conversion be based on the normal capacity of the production facilities. The provisions of this statement are effective for fiscal years beginning after
June 15, 2005. We are currently evaluating the effects of this pronouncement. Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123(R), Share Based Payments , which establishes standards for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity
instruments for goods or services. This standard requires a public entity to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. This eliminates the exception
to account for such awards using the intrinsic method previously allowable under APB Opinion No. 25. In March 2005, the Securities and Exchange Commission released Staff Accounting Bulletin 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 (SAB) 107, Share Based Payments , which expresses views of the Staff about the application of SFAS No. 123(R). SFAS No. 123(R) is effective for
annual reporting periods beginning on or after June 15, 2005. We previously adopted the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation , on January 1, 2004, using the modified prospective method
of adoption as provided by SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation Transition and Disclosure . We are currently evaluating the effects of this pronouncement. Accounting for Deferred Taxes on Foreign Earnings. In December 2004, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) No.
109-1, Application of FASB Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, for the Tax Deduction Provided to U.S. Based Manufacturers by the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (the Act . The Act includes tax relief for
domestic manufacturers by providing a tax deduction up to 9 percent of the lesser of qualified production activities income , as defined by the Act, or taxable income. FSP No. 109-1 clarified that the domestic manufacturing deduction
should be accounted for as a special deduction in accordance with SFAS No. 109 and not as a tax rate reduction. In December 2004, the FASB also issued FSP No. 109-2, Accounting and Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign Earnings Repatriation Provision within the
American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 . FSP No. 109-2 clarified the existing accounting literature that requires companies to record deferred taxes on foreign earnings, unless they intend to indefinitely reinvest those earnings outside the U.S.
This pronouncement will temporarily allow companies that are evaluating whether to repatriate foreign earnings under the Act to delay recognizing any related taxes until that decision is made. This pronouncement also requires companies that are
considering repatriating earnings to disclose the status of their evaluation and the potential amounts being considered for repatriation. The provisions within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 and the related accounting guidance specified in FSP No. 109-1 and 109-2 will not affect our
operations or financial results due to our net operating loss carryforward and corresponding valuation allowance. Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets. In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 153, Exchanges of Nonmonetary Assets , which eliminates the
exception for nonmonetary exchanges of similar productive assets and replaces it with a general exception for exchanges of nonmonetary assets that do not have commercial substance. SFAS No. 153 will be effective for nonmonetary asset exchanges
occurring in fiscal periods beginning after June 15, 2005. We do not believe the adoption of SFAS No. 153 will have a material impact on our financial statements. Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations. In March 2005, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation (FIN) No. 47,
 Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations . FIN No. 47 requires companies to record a liability for those asset retirement obligations in which the timing or amount of settlement of the obligation are uncertain. FIN No. 47
will require us to accrue a liability when a range of scenarios indicate that the potential timing and settlement amounts of our conditional asset retirement obligations can be determined. We will adopt the provisions of this standard in the fourth
quarter of 2005 and have not yet determined the impact, if any, that this pronouncement will have on our financial statements. Accounting Changes and Error Corrections . In June 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, which
requires the retrospective application of changes to accounting principles, changes in estimates, and reporting entities. SFAS No. 154 will be effective for accounting changes and corrections occurring in fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2005. We will adopt the provisions of this standard in the first quarter of 2006 and we do not believe this standard will have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 5. Restructuring and Other Exit Activities We have initiated restructuring programs affecting several business units in an effort to obtain manufacturing efficiencies
and cost savings. In 2002, we discontinued several small product lines and implemented a company-wide reduction in our workforce. In 2003, we eliminated five of our manufacturing facilities through consolidations and outsourced manufacturing at one
additional site. In accordance with SFAS No. 146 Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities we recognize costs associated with exit or disposal activities as incurred rather than at the date of a commitment to an
exit or disposal plan. In connection with these activities, as
described above, we incurred certain restructuring charges related to benefit costs associated with the termination of approximately 700 employees. We also incurred impairment charges with respect to certain assets, related to machinery, goodwill
and capitalized designs. These costs have been reflected in cost of revenues and selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses. During 2002, we incurred approximately 6.0 million in costs as a result of our decision to: (1) consolidate manufacturing of our standard design rotary blower products
at our Houston, Texas manufacturing plant and downsize our Connersville, Indiana facility; (2) cease manufacturing fuel dispensers at a Canadian manufacturing facility and consolidate North American fuel dispenser manufacturing in our Austin, Texas facility; (3) discontinue several small product lines; and (4) implement a company-wide reduction in our workforce. The restructuring charges incurred in 2002 are as follows: 

Description 
 
 Restructuring Charge 
 
 Cash Payments 

Non-Cash Charges 

Accrued at December 31, 2002 

(in millions) 
 
 Consolidate manufacturing of standard rotary blower products 

Termination benefits 

0.2 

(0.2) 

Cease fuel dispenser manufacturing at a Canadian facility 

Termination benefits 

0.5 

(0.5) 

Discontinuation of several product lines 

Termination benefits 

0.9 

(0.5) 

0.4 
 
 Write-down of other assets 

0.5 

(0.5) 

Write-down of machinery 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Write-down of goodwill 

0.2 

(0.2) 

Company-wide reduction in force 

Termination benefits 

3.6 

(1.7) 

1.9 

Total 

6.0 

(2.9) 

(0.8) 

2.3 

All of the
restructuring charges accrued at December 31, 2002 were paid in 2003. We incurred 21.4 million of restructuring charges in 2003. Restructuring charges of 5.4 million and 16.0 million have been reflected in cost of revenues and selling,
engineering, administrative and general expense, respectively, in our statement of operations. In 2003, we incurred costs as a result of a decision to: 

(1) 
 consolidate a valve operation in Germany (EDG) into an existing facility in Italy; 

(2) 
 consolidate an instrument operation in Shelton, Connecticut into an existing facility in Stratford, Connecticut; 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(3) 
 consolidate an instrument operation in Berea, Kentucky with existing operations in Brazil into a new facility in Sao Caetano, Brazil; 

(4) 
 consolidate a retail fueling dispenser manufacturing operation in Germany into an existing facility in Sweden; 

(5) 
 consolidate two Canadian retail fueling dispenser plant operations; 

(6) 
 outsource the manufacturing of certain blowers; 

(7) 
 consolidate a control valve operation in Burlington, Canada into existing facilities; and 

(8) 
 consolidate certain flow control operations in Houston, Texas into a new facility; 

(9) 
 continue a reduction in our workforce. The restructuring charges incurred in 2003 are as follows: 

Description 
 
 Restructuring Charge 
 
 2003 Cash Payments 

2003 Non-Cash Charges 

Accrued at December 31, 2003 
 
 2004 Cash Payments 

Accrued at December 31, 2004 

(in millions) 

Consolidate EDG operations 

Termination benefits 

0.4 

(0.4) 

Write-down of fixed assets 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Other exit activities 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Consolidate Shelton operations 

Termination benefits 

0.7 

(0.7) 

Write-down of fixed assets 

0.7 

(0.7) 

Other exit activities 

1.2 

(1.2) 

Consolidate Berea operations 

Termination benefits 

1.8 

(0.3) 

1.5 

(1.5) 

Other exit activities 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Consolidate German retail fueling operations 

Termination benefits 

6.0 

(2.8) 

3.2 

(3.2) 

Write-down of fixed assets 

0.6 

(0.6) 

Consolidate Canadian retail fueling operations 

Termination benefits 

0.5 

(0.5) 

Outsource the manufacturing of certain blowers 

Termination benefits 

1.7 

1.7 

(0.4) 

1.3 
 
 Other exit activities 

0.2 

(0.1) 

0.1 

(0.1) 

Consolidate Burlington operations 

Termination benefits 

0.8 

0.8 

(0.8) 

Other exit activities 

0.2 

(0.2) 

Consolidate Houston operations 

Termination benefits 

1.3 

1.3 

(1.3) 

Write-down of fixed assets 

1.5 

(1.5) 

Other exit activities 

0.3 

(0.3) 

Company-wide reduction in force 

Termination benefits 

3.2 

(3.0) 

0.2 

(0.2) 

Total 

21.4 

(9.7) 

(2.9) 

8.8 

(7.5) 

1.3 

F-29 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2004, all but 1.3 million of termination benefits had been paid relating to our
2003 restructuring programs. During the first quarter of 2005, we determined that we would be unable to obtain an appropriate outsourcing partner for the manufacturing of certain of our blowers. The outsourcing requirement was integral to our
restructuring plans. Therefore, we have cancelled our restructuring activities and reversed the 1.3 million restructuring accrual in the first quarter of 2005. 
 We incurred 7.0 million of restructuring charges during 2004. Restructuring charges of 0.7 and 6.3 million have been reflected in cost
of revenues and selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses, respectively, in our statements of operations. During 2004, we incurred costs in connection with the continuation of: 

(1) 
 a consolidation of an instrument operation in Berea, Kentucky, with existing operations in Brazil into a new facility in Sao Caetano, Brazil; 

(2) 
 a consolidation of a control valve operation in Burlington, Canada, into existing facilities; 

(3) 
 a consolidation of certain flow control operations in Houston, Texas, into a single new facility; 

(4) 
 a consolidation of a retail fueling dispenser manufacturing operation in Germany into an existing facility in Sweden; and 

(5) 
 the decision to outsource the manufacturing of certain blowers. The costs associated with these actions for the year ended December 31, 2004 are as follows: 

Description 
 
 Restructuring Charge 
 
 Cash Payments 

Non-Cash Charges 

Accrued at December 31, 2004 

(in millions) 
 
 Consolidate Berea operations 

Other exit activities 

0.3 

(0.1) 

(0.2) 

Consolidate Burlington operations 

Termination benefits 

2.4 

(2.0) 

0.4 
 
 Consolidate Houston operations 

Termination benefits and other exit activities 

3.2 

(3.1) 

0.1 
 
 Consolidate German retail fueling operations 

Termination benefits and other 

0.8 

0.8 
 
 Outsource the manufacturing of certain blowers 

Termination benefits and other 

0.3 

(0.3) 

Total 

7.0 

(5.5) 

(0.2) 

1.3 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The restructuring charges by segment are as follows: 

Restructuring Charge 
 
 Cash Payments 

Non-Cash Charges 

Accrued at End of Year 

(in millions) 
 
 2004 

Flow Control 

5.9 

(5.2) 

(0.2) 

0.5 
 
 Measurement systems 

0.8 

0.8 
 
 Compression and power systems 

0.3 

(0.3) 

Total at December 31, 2004 

7.0 

(5.5) 

(0.2) 

1.3 

2003 

Flow Control 

10.2 

(4.3) 

(2.3) 

3.6 
 
 Measurement systems 

8.0 

(4.0) 

(0.6) 

3.4 
 
 Compression and power systems 

3.2 

(1.4) 

1.8 

Total at December 31, 2003 

21.4 

(9.7) 

(2.9) 

8.8 

2002 

Flow Control 

3.9 

(1.4) 

(0.8) 

1.7 
 
 Measurement systems 

1.4 

(0.8) 

0.6 
 
 Compression and power systems 

0.7 

(0.7) 

Total at December 31, 2002 

6.0 

(2.9) 

(0.8) 

2.3 

6. Inventories Inventories on the LIFO method represented 64.0 million and 53.5 million
(restated) of our inventories as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. The excess of FIFO costs over LIFO costs as of December 31, 2004 and 2003, were 86.8 million and 84.2 million (restated), respectively. The effect on cost of revenues
and operating income of liquidating historical LIFO layers was not significant in any of the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, or 2002. Inventories consisted of the following at December 31: 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

Finished products and parts 

222.4 

192.6 

In-process products and parts 

102.2 

92.6 

Raw materials and supplies 

90.0 

79.2 

Total inventories 

414.6 

364.4 

Less: 

LIFO reserve 

(86.8) 

(84.2) 

Inventories 

327.8 

280.2 

F-31 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 7. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following at December 31: 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

Land and land improvements 

17.9 

16.4 

Buildings 

198.8 

184.0 

Machinery and equipment 

646.5 

615.4 

Total property, plant and equipment 

863.2 

815.8 

Less: 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(622.6) 

(607.7) 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

240.6 

208.1 

Depreciation expense
totaled 43.5 million, 41.7 million (restated) and 41.5 million (restated), for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively. Included in our total depreciation expenses for 2004 and 2003 were depreciation expenses related
to purchased software of 2.8 million and 1.6 million for 2004 and 2003, respectively. At December 31, 2004 and 2003, we had approximately 12.7 million and 18.5 million of construction-in-progress and 4.4 million and 7.3 million of capitalized
purchased software included in our property, plant and equipment. Certain costs related to the development or purchase of internal-use software are capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful life of the software which ranges from three to seven years. Costs related to the preliminary project
stage, data conversion and the post-implementation and operation stage of an internal-use computer software development project are expensed as incurred. During the second quarter of 2005, we determined to discontinue our previously announced plans
to develop a Company-wide enterprise resource planning ERP system after a pilot installation at our U.S. retail fueling operation indicated that the intended benefits of the system would not be realized in a timely manner. Accordingly,
we will incur exit costs in the third quarter of 2005 associated with the discontinuance of our ERP system of approximately 1.0 million in cash expenses and approximately 12 million in impaired assets. The exit costs primarily relate to employee
severance and obligations associated with maintenance contracts. 8.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Under SFAS No. 142,
goodwill impairment is deemed to exist when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment referred to as a component. The flow control segment has
five reporting units: on/off valves, control valves, pressure relief, natural gas solutions and instruments; measurement systems has one reporting unit: and compression and power systems has two reporting units: Waukesha and Roots. There is also a
reporting unit for the corporate segment. Goodwill is assessed
annually in the fourth quarter for impairment and when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. We complete a two step process to determine the amount of the impairment. The first step involves
comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value to determine if any impairment exists. The second step involves comparison of the implied fair value of the goodwill to the carrying value of the goodwill. The implied fair
value of the goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. In calculating an impairment charge, the fair value of the impaired reporting units underlying the segments are estimated using

F-32 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 discounted cash flow methodology or recent comparable transactions. In making our assessment, we rely on a number of factors, including operation results,
business plans, economic projections, and anticipated future cash flows. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and judgment in applying these factors to our goodwill impairment test. The net carrying amounts and the changes in the net carrying amounts of
goodwill for years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003 for each of our segments are as follows: 

Flow Control 

Measurement Systems 
 
 Compression and Power Systems 
 
 Other/ Corporate 
 
 Total 

(in millions) 

Balance as of January 1, 2003 

286.2 

14.3 

300.5 

Goodwill attributed to business sold 

(10.4) 

(10.4) 
 
 Changes attributable to foreign currency 

24.2 

0.9 

25.1 

Balance as of December 31, 2003 

300.0 

15.2 

315.2 

Impairment of goodwill 

(63.8) 

(63.8) 
 
 Goodwill attributable to business acquired 

86.6 

86.6 

Changes attributable to foreign currency 

10.7 

9.5 

20.2 

Balance as of December 31, 2004 

246.9 

111.3 

358.2 

Our flow control
segment impairment in 2004 resulted from continued poor performance from our on/off product line, which resulted in revisions to our earnings forecast. See Note 9. Acquisitions and Dispositions. In the third quarter of 2005, we
determined we would sell substantially all of our assets related to the on/off product line, and therefore expect to dispose of approximately 74 million of additional goodwill during the last half of 2005. Our measurement systems segment acquired the distribution business of Nuovo
Pignone S.p.A. and recorded goodwill in the amount of 86.4 million. In addition, measurement systems purchased ownership interest in a Chinese operation in June 2004 and recorded goodwill of approximately 0.2 million. In December 2003, flow control segment sold the capital stock of LVF S.p.A.,
a wholly-owned subsidiary. In conjunction with the disposal of LVF S.p.A., we wrote-off the carrying value of the acquired goodwill because the benefits of the acquired goodwill were never realized by its reporting unit. Included in the net loss on
the sale of LVF S.p.A. of 4.7 million was a charge of 10.4 million associated with the carrying value of goodwill. Our intangible assets consist of patents, trademarks, customer lists and other miscellaneous intangible assets. The following are the gross carrying
amounts and accumulated amortization of our intangible assets as of December 31: 

2004 
 
 2003 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 
 Net Asset 
 
 Gross Carrying Amount 
 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 
 Net Asset 
 
 Patents and trademarks 

9.0 

3.9 

5.1 

8.6 

5.8 

2.8 
 
 Customer lists and agreements 

6.8 

2.9 

3.9 

1.2 

0.3 

0.9 
 
 Other 

9.3 

7.4 

1.9 

8.5 

5.2 

3.3 

Total 

25.1 

14.2 

10.9 

18.3 

11.3 

7.0 

F-33 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets subject to amortization was 5.3 million, 2.3
million and 1.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively. During 2003, selling, engineering, general and administrative expenses includes the write-off of the unamortized portion of a patent totaling 0.3 million
as the patent was no longer being utilized. The annual
estimated future amortization expense for intangible assets for each of the five succeeding years as of December 31, 2004 is as follows: 

(in millions) 
 
 2005 

5.8 
 
 2006 

1.5 
 
 2007 

1.2 
 
 2008 

0.8 
 
 2009 

0.7 
 9. Acquisitions and Dispositions
 On/Off Valve Business In November 2005, we sold substantially all of our worldwide on/off valve
business to Cooper Cameron Corporation. The sale of the Brazilian portion of the on/off business is awaiting Brazilian regulatory confirmation of transfer permits and tax documentation, which we expect to be completed in early 2006. The total
purchase price for the on/off business was approximately 223.8 million in cash, subject to post-closing adjustments, including 21.3 million attributable to the Brazilian operation. In connection with the sale, Cooper Cameron has assumed certain
liabilities which include ordinary course customer/vendor contracts, leases and other commercial agreements; specified agency/distributor agreements; working capital liabilities, including payables and accrued payroll; specified severance, change of
control and employment agreements; product warranty/product liability for products shipped post-closing, as well as product warranty/product liability for products shipped pre-closing, but only to the extent of warranty reserves; and liquidated
damages on shipped products to the extent of reserves, plus 50 of liquidated damages on backlog shipped within 180 days of the closing. We retained all liabilities not specifically assumed, including litigation, environmental (whether known or unknown), debt, pension liabilities and other
benefit plans; product warranty/product liability for products shipped pre-closing in excess of warranty reserves; liquidated damages on shipped products in excess of reserves, plus 50 of liquidated damages on backlog shipped within 180 days of the
closing (net of unused reserves from shipped products). These
financial statements do not reflect the effects of the disposition of our on/off valve business as it does not qualify as a discontinued operation at December 31, 2004. The on/off valve business comprised approximately 439.2 million of total assets
and 267.2 million of total liabilities at December 31, 2004. Revenues from the on/off valve business consisted of 421.1 million in 2004, 408.6 million in 2003 and 393.4 million in 2002, and operating income (loss) consisted of (52.9)
million in 2004, 3.1 million in 2003 and 24.7 million in 2002. We do not expect any resulting gain or loss from the sale of our on/off valve business to be significant to the sales transaction. Instruments Business Also in November 2005, we sold our instruments business to Ashcroft Holdings, Inc., an affiliate of KPS Special Situations
Fund II, L.P. Ashcroft ), for approximately 34.0 million in cash, subject to certain 
 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 post-closing adjustments. Ashcroft assumed certain liabilities which include ordinary course contracts, leases, distributor and sales agent contracts, and
other commercial agreements; working capital liabilities, including payables and accrued payroll; termination or severance obligations that may be payable to certain distributors, sales agents and employees; and liabilities under the unit s
German pension plan. We retained all liabilities not
specifically assumed, including certain known environmental liabilities, such as remediation obligations at our Stratford, Connecticut facility; certain pension and frozen retiree medical and life insurance liabilities; specified litigation; and
pre-closing product and export control liabilities. These
financial statements do not reflect the effects of the disposition of our instruments business as it does not qualify as a discontinued operation at December 31, 2004. The instruments business comprised approximately 70.1 million of total assets
and 23.6 million of total liabilities at December 31, 2004. Revenues from the instruments business consisted of 116.6 million in 2004, 113.1 million in 2003 and 116.2 million in 2002, and operating income (loss) consisted of (2.8) million in
2004, (2.6) million in 2003 and 3.4 million in 2002. We do not expect any resulting gain or loss from the sale of our instruments business to be significant to the sales transaction. Research and Development Technology In September 2004, we acquired several engines and core technology from Wartsila France SAS, for 12.3 million. The technology and engines were
purchased for the purpose of advancing the development of new engine designs. In accordance with SFAS No. 2, Accounting for Research and Development Costs , items acquired for a particular research and development project that
have no alternative future use should be expensed at the time the costs are incurred. As a result, we recognized 12.3 million of expense in 2004, which is reflected in selling, engineering, administrative and general expense in our compression and
power systems segment. Nuovo Pignone On June 4, 2004, we completed the purchase of the distribution business of
Nuovo Pignone S.p.A., a subsidiary of General Electric Company, for approximately 165 million in cash. The purchased business includes a retail fueling distribution operation, comprised of gasoline, liquefied petroleum gas and compressed natural
gas dispenser products and services, and a gas meters operation, which manufactures and markets certain natural gas meters. The acquisition was completed to improve our market share in retail fueling, be complementary from a customer, product and
geographical perspective and provide us with cost saving opportunities. To finance the cash consideration related to the acquisition, we obtained additional borrowings under our credit facility in the amount of 175 million, which included 3.2
million of capitalized financing fees. The results of operations for this business are reflected in our measurement systems segment as of the beginning of June 2004. See Note 10. Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures for assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. We have accounted for the acquisition
under the purchase method of accounting for business combinations and have allocated the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. As a result of the transaction, we
recorded 8.7 million of intangible assets related to patents, trademarks, trade names and other miscellaneous intangible assets. The intangible assets are being amortized over 2 to 10 years. In addition, we recorded approximately 86.4 million in
goodwill related to this transaction. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The following selected unaudited pro forma information represents our consolidated results of
operations on a pro forma basis for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, as if we acquired the Nuovo Pignone distribution business as of the beginning of each period presented: 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

Revenues 

2,058.9 

1,812.5 

Net loss 

(69.6) 

(43.8) 
 
 Basic and diluted income (loss) per share 

(69,600) 

(43,800) 
 Wayne China In June 2004, we purchased a 51 ownership interest in a Chinese operation
in order to establish a direct sales and manufacturing presence in China. We paid cash consideration of 2.5 million and recorded approximately 0.2 million in goodwill associated with this transaction. The results of operations for this business
are consolidated in our financial statements and are reflected in our measurement systems segment as of June 2004. LVF Effective December 16, 2003, we sold the capital stock of LVF S.p.A., our wholly-owned subsidiary, to the former managing director of LVF S.p.A., for a total purchase price of approximately 24.0 million, (20.7
million Euros at an exchange rate of 1.1605) and the assumption of approximately 5.5 million in debt. We incurred a net loss on the transaction of approximately 4.7 million, which is included in other income (expense) in the accompanying statement
of operations in 2003. The sale of LVF S.p.A. was consummated pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated November 7, 2003 between LVF Holding S.r.l., our wholly-owned subsidiary, and the former managing director. The effect of the sale of LVF on
results of continuing operations was not significant. Tokheim
 In March 2003, we acquired certain assets of Tokheim
North America and its MSI business unit for cash consideration of 15.0 million and assumed liabilities. In addition, we entered into a transition services agreement. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded approximately 2.5 million in
intangible assets. The intangible assets are being amortized over five years on an accelerated basis and are included in our measurement systems segment. In addition, we incurred 3.4 million of due diligence costs related to portions of the
business not acquired, which were expensed. Modern On April 5, 2002, we acquired the net assets of Modern Supply Company, Inc.,
Ponca Fabricators, Inc. and Quality Fabricators, Inc. (the Modern Acquisition ). The results of operations for the Modern Acquisition have been included in the financial statements since that date. The businesses of the Modern Acquisition
were principally engaged in the business of distributing, repairing and servicing our small diameter ball valve, gate valve, check valve and actuation products in the United States market. With the Modern Acquisition, we established more direct
control of the distribution and marketing channel for small valves and spare parts, consistent with our strategy of expanding and developing the service and aftermarket business of our flow control segment. The purchase price was approximately 28.5
million. We paid cash of 21.4 million, including 0.5 million of closing costs, and assumed 7.1 million in debt. In connection with the acquisition, we recorded approximately 14.9 million in goodwill which we assigned to our flow control segment.
 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Additionally, in April 2002, we issued 250,000 shares of our class B common stock to DEG
Acquisitions, LLC for 10.0 million. The proceeds were used to finance the Modern Acquisition. These assets and operations are considered part of our on/off business line and will be sold accordingly. 10. Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures During 2004, 2003 and 2002, we paid cash of 167.5 million, 15.4 million and 21.4 million, respectively, for acquisitions (including acquisitions
disclosed in Note 9). The following represents assets acquired and liabilities assumed during these periods. 

2004 

2003 

2002 

Receivables 

66.7 

5.9 

4.3 

Inventories 

40.7 

5.9 

12.8 

Other current assets 

3.3 

Long-term receivables and other assets 

5.9 

Property, plant and equipment 

22.3 

1.1 

0.2 

Goodwill 

86.6 

14.9 

Deferred tax assets 

5.8 

Intangible assets 

8.7 

Assets acquired 

234.1 

18.8 

32.2 

Accounts and notes payable 

(50.5) 

(0.5) 

(3.7) 
 
 Accrued expenses 

(10.6) 

(2.9) 

Employee benefits 

(3.1) 

Long-term debt 

(7.1) 

Liabilities assumed 

(64.2) 

(3.4) 

(10.8) 
 
 Minority interest 

(2.4) 

Cash paid for net assets acquired 

167.5 

15.4 

21.4 

Other non cash
investing and financing activities: Capital lease obligations
of 0.5 and 5.5 million were entered into for the leases of machinery and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. During 2004, we (1) refinanced long-term debt, net of transaction fees for 381.6 million (2) incurred deferred financing fees related to the acquisition
of Nuovo Pignone in the amount of 3.2 million and (3) reclassified 5.0 million of mandatorily redeemable common stock to additional paid-in-capital. 11. Debt: Notes Payable At December 31, 2004 and 2003, we had 10.7 million and 2.9 million respectively, of notes payable to various banks with a weighted average interest rate
of 18.4 and 3.2 , respectively. The increase in the weighted average interest rate was due to the higher borrowing rates in Brazil, which ranged from 20.25 to 21.0 . 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Long-Term Debt A summary of our outstanding long-term borrowings consisted of the following at December 31: 

Description 
 
 2004 

2003 

in millions) 

Senior Subordinated notes, 9.18 and 9.17 , due 2011 (1) 

554.3 

555.0 

Tranche B term loan, 4.75 and 5.66 (2) 

381.6 

Tranche C term loan, 4.53 due 2009 (3) 

380.0 

Unsecured Term Loan, 5.84 due 2010 

125.0 

Other 2.2 to 8.3 , due 2006 through 2008 (4) 

5.7 

7.5 

1,065.0 

944.1 

Less: Current portion 

(3.2) 

(2.7) 

Long term debt 

1,061.8 

941.4 

(1) 
 The premium on the Senior Subordinated notes is being amortized on the straight-line method over the term and is reflected as a reduction to interest expense.

(2) 
 The Tranche B term loan was paid in full in March 2004. 

(3) 
 In December 2005, we used proceeds of 215 million from the sale of substantially all of our on/off valves business and our instruments business to repay a portion of our Tranche C
term loan. 

(4) 
 Includes 3.2 million and 4.5 million in capital lease obligations at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. In connection with the recapitalization transaction, we issued 300.0 million
of 9 3/8 senior subordinated notes due April 2011 and obtained a credit facility. The notes may be redeemed beginning April 15, 2006 and the initial redemption price is 104.688 of the principal amount plus accrued interest. In March 2002, we
issued an additional 250.0 million of notes also due April 2011. The additional notes were issued at 102.5 of their principal amounts and we recorded 6.3 million of premium, which is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes.
The net proceeds from the issuance of the additional notes were used to repay existing indebtedness. At December 31, 2004 and 2003, the Senior Subordinated notes included 4.3 million and 5.0 million, respectively, of unamortized bond premium.
Deferred financing charges incurred with the issuance were 6.1 million, which are being amortized over the term of the notes and recorded as an increase in interest expense. Upon a change of control, we will be required to make an offer to
repurchase the notes at a price equal to 101 of their principal amount plus accrued interest. The wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of Dresser, Inc. guarantee the notes. See Note 20. Supplemental Guarantor Information. Also during 2001, we obtained an eight-year 455.0 million Tranche B term
loan under our then existing credit facility and made subsequent payments during 2001, 2002 and 2003. In March 2004, we entered into an amendment to our credit facility and refinanced 381.6 million of our Tranche B term loan with a new six-year
 125 million senior unsecured term loan, which matures in April 2009, and a new 260 million Tranche C term loan, which matures in April 2009. The Tranche B term loan was paid in full with the completion of the refinancing. The 125 million senior
unsecured term loan bears an interest rate of LIBOR plus 3.5 and the Tranche C term loan bears an interest rate of LIBOR plus 2.5 . We elected to prepay 25 million of our Tranche C term loan at the time the refinancing was completed. In connection
with the refinancing, we expensed approximately 11.3 million in deferred financing cost associated with the Tranche B term loan, which was reflected in interest expense. The covenants contained in the agreement governing our new senior unsecured
term loan are similar to those included in the indenture governing our senior subordinated notes. In June 2004, in conjunction with the acquisition of the Nuovo Pignone distribution business, we obtained an additional 175 million of borrowings
under our Tranche C term loan, which included approximately 3.2 million in capitalized 
 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 financing fees. In July, August and October 2004, we made optional prepayments of 10 million each. As a result of the optional prepayments, no mandatory
principal payments are due on our Tranche C term loan until March 2008. The loans and other obligations under the credit facility are guaranteed by our direct parent, Dresser Holdings, Inc., and all of our existing and future direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries. Our obligations and the
guarantees are secured by (a) all or substantially all of the material property and assets, real or personal now owned or hereafter acquired by us or the guarantors and (b) all proceeds and products of the property and assets described in clause (a)
above. The credit agreement, as amended to the date of these
financial statements, limits our ability to, among others: (i) declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock; (ii) prepay, redeem or purchase debt; (iii) incur liens and engage in sale-leaseback transactions; (iv) make loans and
investments; (v) incur additional indebtedness; (vi) amend or otherwise alter debt and other material agreements; (vii) make capital expenditures; (viii) engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales; (ix) transact with affiliates; and (x) alter
the business we conduct. We are also required to indemnify the agent and lenders and comply with specified financial and affirmative covenants including a total debt to EBITDA ratio and an interest coverage ratio. EBITDA is defined in our credit
agreement and indenture to exclude certain unusual charges and other items and hence is not calculated in the same manner as the EBITDA presented elsewhere in this Form 10-K. As part of our credit agreement, beginning with fiscal year end 2002, we are required to make a mandatory prepayment, 90
days after year end, if our total debt to EBITDA ratio, as defined, is above certain levels. If our total debt to EBITDA ratio is in excess of 4.00 to 1.00 we will be required to pay 75 of excess cash flow, as defined in the credit agreement. If
the total debt to EBITDA ratio is above 2.50 to 1.00 and below 4.00 to 1.00, then we will be required to pay 50 of excess cash flow as defined under the agreement. If the total debt to EBITDA ratio is equal to or less than 2.50 to 1.00, no such
payment is required. To date, we have not been required to make any mandatory prepayments. During 2005, we entered into several amendments and waivers to our credit agreement, that among other things, amended certain financial covenants under our senior secured credit facility and extended to
February 15, 2006, our deadline for providing our senior lenders with audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2004, and restated audited financial statements, to the extent that financial statements for earlier years are
required to be restated in connection with the preparation of the 2004 financial statements. The amendment also waived any default or event of default relating in any respect to the re-audit, revision or restatement of any financial statement
delivered to the lenders prior to February 15, 2006, including any default or event of default relating in any respect to any errors contained in such financial statements. In addition, during 2005, we entered into several consents and waivers to our senior unsecured term loan agreement and
extended to February 15, 2006, the deadline for providing our lenders under the senior unsecured term loan agreement with audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2004 and extended to February 15, 2006, our deadline for
providing these lenders with unaudited financial statements for the first, second and third quarters of 2005. The consent also waived any default or event of default relating in any respect to the re-audit, revision or restatement of any financial
statement delivered to the lenders under the credit agreement prior to February 15, 2006, including any default or event of default relating in any respect to any errors contained in such financial statements. Prior to the filing of this Form 10-K with the SEC, we had not timely
furnished certain annual and quarterly financial information required to be contained in our 2004 Form 10-K and our 2005 First, Second and Third Quarter Reports on Form 10-Q, respectively, as required by Section 4.03(a) of the indenture governing
our senior 
 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 subordinated notes. In addition, because of the restatement of prior period financial information described in this Form 10-K, certain of our prior SEC
filings may be deemed not to have complied with Section 4.03(a). On December 6, 2005, we commenced a solicitation of consents from the holders of these notes and on December 19, 2005, executed a supplemental indenture extending the financial
statement delivery requirement to February 15, 2006 and waiving past defaults. With the filing of this Form 10-K and the filing of the Company s 2005 First, Second and Third Quarter Reports on Form 10-Q, we will satisfy the applicable
requirements of, and cure any default that may have been deemed to exist under, Section 4.03(a) of the indenture. We have a 100.0 million revolving credit facility, of which 43.4 million was available subject to certain conditions, and 56.6 million was utilized for
letters of credit as of December 31, 2004. As of December 31, 2004, required payments of outstanding debt consisted of 0.8 million in 2005, 0.8 million in 2006, 0.4 million in 2007, 191.4 million in 2008, 189.0 million in 2009 and 675.0
million thereafter. Amortization of deferred financing fees
incurred in connection with the credit facility and senior subordinated notes, including the write-off of fees, was 17.0 million, 7.4 million, and 16.8 million, in 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Amortization in 2004 included 11.3
million related to the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with the refinancing of our Tranche B term loan. Amortization in 2002 included 10.1 million related to the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs
associated with the extinguishment of debt. Minimum principal
payments on our long-term debt subsequent to 2004 are as follows: 

(in millions) 
 
 2005 

3.2 
 
 2006 

1.3 
 
 2007 

0.7 
 
 2008 

191.5 
 
 2009 

189.0 
 
 Thereafter 

675.0 

Total (1) 

1,060.7 

(1) 
 Excludes the 4.3 million premium which is amortized over the life of the notes and reflected in long term debt on our balance sheet. 12. Financial Instruments As a multinational company, we are exposed to changes in foreign currency
exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and credit risk. We use a variety of practices to manage these market risks, including operating and financing activities, and where deemed appropriate, the use of derivative instruments. Derivative
instruments are used only for risk management purposes and not for speculation or trading. All derivative instruments are either exchange traded or are entered into with major financial institutions. Our credit exposure under these arrangements is
limited to the fair value of the agreements. Additionally, credit risk with respect to the counterparties is considered minimal in view of the financial strength of the counterparties. Foreign Currency Risk Foreign currency risk is managed by the use of foreign exchange forward contracts. The use of these contracts
allows us to manage transactional exposure to exchange rate fluctuations because the gains or losses incurred on the derivative instruments will offset, in whole or in part, losses or gains on the underlying foreign 
 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 currency exposure. Our strategy is to reduce our risk of cash flow variability in our business. At December 31, 2004 and 2003, we had a notional value of
 184.4 million and 135.8 million, respectively, of foreign exchange risk hedged using forward exchange contracts. From time to time, we may also enter into forward exchange contracts to hedge foreign currency denominated payments under intercompany loan agreements. We
use forward contracts with maturities comparable to the forecasted principal repayments on the intercompany loan. Hedged transactions are primarily denominated in Japanese yen, Canadian dollars, Great Britain pounds, and Euro. Increases and
decreases in the fair market values in forward exchange contracts are essentially offset by changes in the values of the net underlying foreign currency exposures. As of December 31, 2004 and 2003, we had forward contracts hedging intercompany loans
with a notional value of 96.9 million and 74.6 million, respectively, included above. The fair value of these contracts was de minimus at December 31, 2004 and 2003. Translation Risk The income statements of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in effect each month. The balance
sheets of these operations are translated at month-end exchange rates, and the differences from historical exchange rates are reflected in shareholders deficit as foreign currency translation adjustments. Translation exposure generally is not
hedged. The risk to any particular entity s net assets is minimized to the extent that many of our non-U.S. operations buy the majority of their inputs and sell the majority of their outputs in their local currency, thereby minimizing the
effect of currency rate changes on their local operating profit margin percentage. Interest Rate Risk Our financial performance may be exposed to movements in short-term floating market interest rates, which we may manage through various interest rate swap agreements. Our objective in managing this interest rate exposure is to
comply with the terms of our credit agreements, to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to reduce overall borrowing costs. We had no interest rate swap agreements in effect during 2004. During 2003, we had two
interest rate swap agreements, one of which matured in July 2003 and one which was terminated in March 2003. We recorded 1.8 million in interest expense as a result of these interest rate swap agreements. Commodity Price Risk From time to time, we may be subject to commodity price risk
related to steel and other alloy metals used in the manufacture of our products. We historically have not entered into derivative instruments to hedge this risk, but may do so in the future if we deem it appropriate. Credit Risk We are subject to credit risk related to our financial
instrument assets. Credit risk relates to the risk of loss that we would incur as a result of non-performance by counterparties pursuant to the terms of their contractual obligations. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, and derivative instruments. We maintain cash and cash equivalents with various major financial institutions. Trade receivables are generated
from a diverse group of customers with no significant concentrations of receivables from any single customer. Our exposure to credit risk is affected to some degree by conditions within the energy industry; however, the geographical dispersion of
our customer base tends to mitigate this risk. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 There are no significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual counterparty or group of
counterparties related to our derivative contracts. We select counterparties based on creditworthiness, which is continually monitored, and counterparties ability to perform their obligations under the terms of the transactions. We do not
expect any counterparties to fail to meet their obligations under these contracts given their high credit ratings; therefore, we consider the credit risk associated with the derivative contracts to be minimal. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of a financial instrument represents the amount at which the
instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation. Significant differences can arise between the fair value and the carrying value of financial instruments that are recognized
at historical cost. The fair value of (i) accounts receivable,
accounts payable, accrued expenses and short term debts approximate carrying value due to the relatively short maturity of these instruments, (ii) notes receivable approximate carrying value based upon effective borrowing rates for issuance of debt
with similar terms and remaining maturities and (iii) the borrowings under the term loans and various other notes approximate carrying value because these borrowings accrue interest at variable interest rates based on market rates. We estimate the fair value of our fixed rate debt for the 9 3 / 8 notes based on market prices and for the remainder of our fixed rate debt generally using discounted cash flow analysis based on our current borrowing rates for debts with similar maturities. The estimated fair value of the fixed
rate debt at December 31, 2004 and 2003 was approximately 604.5 million and 602.8 million, respectively. The carrying value of the fixed rate debt was approximately 556.5 million and 559.1 million, at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively.
 As of December 31, 2004, and 2003, our forward exchange
contracts had a fair value of 3.9 million and 3.6 million, respectively, and are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Effect of Derivative Instruments on Results of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income Our cash flow hedges were effective in 2004 and 2003 and
consequently resulted in no net income effect. At December 31, 2004, we expect to reclassify 3.9 million of net gains on derivative instruments from accumulated other comprehensive income to earnings during the next twelve months. The maximum
maturity of cash flow derivatives in place at December 31, 2004 is January 2006. 13. Related Party Transactions Halliburton During 2004, 2003 and 2002
we sold approximately 5.9 million, 24.3 million and 49.0 million respectively of valve products to affiliates of Halliburton. Accounts receivable related to these affiliates totaled approximately 1.5 million and 13.1 million at December
31, 2004 and 2003. Pursuant to agreements with Halliburton, we
own all right, title and interest in and to the marks Dresser and Dresser and Design and other trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and in various jurisdictions throughout the world. We granted back to Halliburton a
non-exclusive license to use these marks during a transition period, which expired in April 2004. We also granted back to Halliburton a perpetual, exclusive license to use the name Dresser Industries provided the name is not used in
connection with raising capital, or the sale, promotion, design or manufacture of goods or services that would create market confusion affecting Dresser. We 
 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 also granted to Halliburton the use of the name Dresser Industries, Inc. for use as a holding company name. In addition, we have agreed not to
use the Dresser name for seven years from the date of the agreement in certain businesses where Halliburton operates, or to directly compete with Halliburton for three years from the date of the agreement. First Reserve and Odyssey We reimburse First Reserve and Odyssey for certain expenses incurred in
connection with the ongoing ownership and management of Dresser. There were no reimbursed expenses during 2004. In each of 2003 and 2002, we reimbursed First Reserve and Odyssey approximately 0.1 million for these expenses. Entech In connection with our 2001 acquisition of Entech Industries, Inc. from
funds managed by First Reserve and the other Entech shareholders, our consideration included issuing shares of our common stock in exchange for each outstanding share of Entech common stock. At the time we purchased Entech, certain former Entech
shareholders had a put right with respect to their 27,908 shares of Entech common stock, which we assumed by giving them a similar put right with respect to the shares of our common stock they received in the acquisition. This put right allowed them
to require us to purchase their shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 107.49 British Pounds per share. In connection with the modification of our corporate structure in 2002, the shares subject to the put right became class A common
shares of Dresser, Ltd. Due to Dresser, Ltd. s having no substantive operations, the obligation relating to the put rights was reflected as mandatorily redeemable common stock in our financial statements. In April 2004, those former Entech
stockholders exercised their put right. To facilitate the repurchase of the shares, we established a loan to Dresser, Ltd. with which the shares were repurchased, which is reflected as contra-equity in our financial statements. Accordingly, the
shares were transferred from mandatorily redeemable stock to shareholders equity and reflected as an advance to Dresser, Ltd. to reflect the settlement of the put rights of 5.0 million. The advance to Dresser, Ltd. is to be reduced by
proceeds received by us on behalf of Dresser, Ltd. from the escrow account (discussed below) or from the exercise of options to acquire Dresser, Ltd. common shares. At the time of the Entech acquisition, the First Reserve funds invested in Entech and certain other Entech shareholders
deposited into an escrow account shares of our common stock equal to the then aggregate value of certain known liabilities of Entech, including the value of the put right in excess of 40 per share, for us to use to satisfy those liabilities as they
became due. In connection with the modification of our corporate structure in 2002, the shares deposited in the escrow account became common shares of Dresser, Ltd. Each First Reserve fund and the other two shareholders that deposited shares in the
escrow account had the right to remove their shares from the escrow account upon substituting cash into the escrow account in an amount equal to 40 per share or a greater fair market determined by us, and either the shareholders or we could
challenge the valuation used for any cash substitution. By June 2004, the shares in the escrow account held by First Reserve Funds and not previously used to satisfy other known Entech liabilities had been replaced with approximately 2.9 million in
cash at a rate of 40 per share, which valuation was not challenged. The proceeds received from the escrow account were used to reduce the advance to Dresser, Ltd. The holders of the remaining 9,134 escrowed shares replaced their shares with
approximately 0.3 million in cash in September 2004. The difference between the amount we paid to the putting shareholders and the amount of funds in the escrow account at the time the put right was exercised, in excess of 40 per share
repurchased, reflects the decreased value of the U.S. dollar against the British Pound since the closing of the Entech acquisition, when the dollar value of the put right and the other known liabilities addressed by the escrow account was estimated.
 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Cash received by us from the exercise of stock options of approximately 0.5 million has also reduced
the advance to Dresser, Ltd., resulting in a loan receivable balance at December 31, 2004 of 1.6 million. The loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.75 and is payable on demand. Dresser Rand Group, Inc. In October 2004, we agreed to license the Dresser name and trademark to Dresser Rand Group, Inc., owned by
First Reserve, for a total of 5 million of consideration to be recognized as income over a ten-year period. The agreement, which was approved by disinterested members of our Executive Committee, allows Dresser Rand Group, Inc. world-wide,
limited, nonexclusive, terminable license to use the Dresser name as a part of any trade name, corporate name, domain name, trademark or service mark in connection with the Dresser Rand business lines. DEG Acquisitions, LLC Pursuant to a tax sharing agreement between DEG Acquisitions, LLC and us for
periods prior to July 3, 2002, (i) DEG Acquisitions will file consolidated, combined or unitary federal, state, local and foreign income tax returns on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, including us, to the extent it is permitted to do so under
the relevant law, and (ii) we are obligated to pay to DEG Acquisitions a portion of the total income tax liability of DEG Acquisitions and its subsidiaries, in an amount equal to the excess of (a) the relevant income tax liability of DEG
Acquisitions and its subsidiaries for a taxable period over (b) the corresponding consolidated, combined or unitary income tax liability of DEG Acquisitions and its subsidiaries that DEG Acquisitions would have incurred if we and our subsidiaries
had not been subsidiaries of DEG Acquisitions. However, our income taxes are recognized for financial reporting purposes on a stand-alone basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Investor and Sponsor Rights Agreements In April 2001, we entered into an Investor Rights Agreement with DEG
Acquisitions, LLC, Halliburton and certain members of our management who are also shareholders. In July 2002, we assigned our rights and obligations under the Investor Rights Agreement to Dresser, Ltd. As a result, Dresser, Ltd, agreed to assume,
perform, and discharge all of Dresser s obligations under the Investor Rights Agreement. In April 2001, we entered into a Sponsor Rights Agreement and in July 2002, we entered into a consent, amendment, assignment and assumption of the Dresser, Inc. Sponsor Rights Agreement. As a result of this agreement,
Dresser assigned its rights and obligations under the Sponsor Rights Agreement, to Dresser, Ltd. Dresser, Ltd. agreed to assume, perform, and discharge all of Dresser s obligations under the Sponsor Right Agreement. The Sponsor Rights
Agreement, among affiliates of First Reserve and Odyssey who hold all of the equity interests in DEG Acquisitions, LLC, provides that there will be a Board of Directors of Dresser, and subsequent to the amendment, Dresser Ltd., consisting of nine
directors, five of whom will be designated by First Reserve, two of whom will be designated by Odyssey and two of whom will be members of our management. The Sponsor Rights Agreement also provides that unless at least one director nominated by each
of First Reserve and Odyssey agrees, the Board of Directors will be prohibited from allowing us to take certain actions including incurring certain indebtedness, consummating certain acquisitions or asset dispositions, and making certain changes in
our management. The Sponsor Rights Agreement also contains other customary provisions, including registration rights. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 14. Income Taxes The federal and state income tax provision is summarized as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 
 
 2002 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

Current Income Tax Expense: 

United States 

Federal 

State 

0.3 

0.3 

0.3 

Foreign 

15.6 

16.8 

14.4 

15.9 

17.1 

14.7 

Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit): 

United States 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

(4.2) 

0.3 

(0.7) 

(4.2) 

0.3 

(0.7) 

Provision for income taxes 

11.7 

17.4 

14.0 

The United States and
foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes, are as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

2002 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

United States 

(61.8) 

(40.5) 

(23.9) 
 
 Foreign 

10.2 

19.9 

27.2 

Total 

(51.6) 

(20.6) 

3.3 

A reconciliation of
the provision for income taxes with amounts determined by applying the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 is as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

2002 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

Computed tax at the federal statutory rate of 35 

(18.0) 

(7.2) 

1.2 

Change in valuation allowance 

3.0 

13.0 

8.8 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

0.2 

0.2 

0.2 

Foreign tax in excess of U.S. tax rate 

8.7 

11.6 

3.3 

Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries 

1.6 

Rate changes 

(1.3) 

Stock options 

0.9 

Distributions 

(2.7) 

2.1 

0.2 

Goodwill impairment 

18.9 

Loss on disposal 

(2.8) 

Foreign exchange gain/loss 

(0.2) 

(1.2) 

(1.0) 
 
 Non-deductible expenses 

0.9 

0.7 

0.5 

Other permanent differences 

1.3 

(0.6) 

0.8 

Provision for income taxes 

11.7 

17.4 

14.0 

F-45 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

Deferred income tax assets: 

Inventory 

40.4 

38.2 

Fixed assets 

17.2 

19.9 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

101.0 

102.7 

Pension and postretirement benefit obligations 

107.6 

109.3 

Warranty expense 

8.1 

5.3 

Accrued compensation benefits 

5.3 

2.6 

Deferred compensation 

11.0 

9.5 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

88.1 

96.6 

Other 

9.0 

1.8 

Total deferred income tax assets 

387.7 

385.9 

Valuation allowance 

(314.3) 

(326.2) 

Deferred income tax assets 

73.4 

59.7 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Deferred gains 

(38.6) 

(34.6) 
 
 Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries 

(4.0) 

(4.0) 
 
 Deferred financing fees 

(4.3) 

(5.2) 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

(46.9) 

(43.8) 

Net Deferred income tax assets 

26.5 

15.9 

We have net operating
loss NOL carryforwards for U.S. federal tax purposes of approximately 192.2 million; 48.3 million expiring in 2020, 30.4 million expiring in 2021, 23.2 million expiring in 2022, 70.7 million expiring in 2023 and 19.6 million
expiring in 2024. If certain substantial changes in our ownership occur, there would be an annual limitation on the amount of the NOL carryforward that can be utilized. In addition, we have approximately 42.7 million in foreign net operating
losses, primarily in Italy, the United Kingdom and Germany. These losses have expiration periods ranging from 2005 to indefinite recovery. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, we must determine whether it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. We have assessed our current and past performance, market conditions and future taxable income projections and determined that a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets is necessary at December 31, 2004 and
2003, because of the uncertainty regarding realization of the deferred tax assets. We believe our Italian subsidiary s acquisition of another business interest will result in realization of a deferred tax asset. Accordingly, in 2004, we reversed approximately 5.1 million of valuation allowance
against the goodwill resulting from the purchase. Other increases (decreases) in the valuation allowance charged to equity (other comprehensive income (loss) items) relate to changes in minimum pension liabilities, derivatives and cumulative
transaction adjustments of (10.2) million, (10.5) million, and (3.0) million for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, respectively. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 15. Commitments and Contingencies Halliburton Indemnifications In accordance with the agreement relating to our recapitalization transaction, Halliburton agreed to indemnify us for
certain items. Those indemnified items include any product liability claim or product warranty claim arising out of any products relating to any discontinued product or service line of Dresser. In addition, Halliburton has agreed to indemnify us for
certain other claims and liabilities, including: any other product liability claim made on or prior to closing of the recapitalization; any other loss, liability, damage or expense resulting from any action, suit or proceeding initiated prior to the
closing; any asbestos claims (present or future) based on or arising out of events or occurrences with respect to our businesses prior to the closing; and certain environmental liability claims against us, to the extent that notice is given to
Halliburton prior to the fifth anniversary of the closing. Halliburton had also agreed to indemnify us against any loss, liability, damage or expense relating to worker s compensation, general liability, and automobile liability arising out of
events or occurrences prior to the closing but such rights with respect to those claims expired in April 2004. The maximum aggregate amount of all losses indemnifiable by Halliburton pursuant to the recapitalization agreement is 950 million.
In the case of certain general indemnities in the recapitalization agreement, other than those described above, there is an aggregate 15 million deductible that is applicable prior to the indemnification obligations. In addition, any single claim
for such indemnities is subject to a threshold of 0.5 million in the case where there was no knowledge of such claim by Halliburton and a 0.1 million threshold if there was knowledge. For purposes of determining the threshold or maximum amount of
indemnity and other overall indemnity obligations, such amounts shall be offset by insurance proceeds received by us or the amount of tax benefit received by us. All indemnification claims are subject to notice and procedural requirements that may
result in Halliburton denying indemnification claims for some losses. Under the agreement relating to our recapitalization transaction, we agreed to indemnify Halliburton for all assumed obligations of the businesses as set forth in the recapitalization agreement. This includes certain environmental matters
including those arising out of acts by us which take place after the closing. We have the same aggregate indemnity deductible and maximum indemnity obligation as set forth above in the Halliburton indemnity, but do not have the single claim
thresholds described above. In addition, the indemnifiable amounts have the same offsets as set forth above with regard to insurance proceeds and tax benefits received by Halliburton. As Halliburton has publicly disclosed, it has been subject to numerous lawsuits involving asbestos claims associated with,
among other things, the operating units of Dresser Industries that were retained by Halliburton or disposed of by Dresser Industries or Halliburton prior to the recapitalization transaction. These lawsuits have resulted in significant expense for
Halliburton. In December 2003, certain affiliates of Halliburton filed a petition for relief under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Those affiliates filed a plan of reorganization that
became effective on January 20, 2005, which requires asbestos plaintiffs with claims against us or Halliburton to look for relief exclusively to a trust established under the plan. The plan prevents us from asserting our right to indemnification
under the recapitalization agreement with Halliburton as it relates to asbestos claims based on events occurring prior to the closing of the recapitalization. However, this indemnification right is unnecessary because the plan also prevents those
asbestos plaintiffs from asserting claims against us. We have
not historically incurred, and in the future we do not believe that we will incur, any material liability as a result of the past use of asbestos in products manufactured by the businesses currently owned by us or any predecessor entities of those
businesses. 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Leases At December 31, 2004, we were obligated under non-cancelable operating leases, principally for the use of land, offices,
equipment, field facilities, and warehouses. Rental expense charged to operations for such leases totaled 20.1 million, 17.0 million and 17.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Additionally, we have entered into several capital leases. Assets on our
books related to capital leases are included in machinery and equipment and total 2.5 million and 4.4 million net of accumulated amortization of 3.7 million and 1.7 million at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Future minimum lease
payments under capital and operating leases that had initial or remaining non-cancelable lease terms at December 31, 2004, were as follows: 

Capital Leases 

Operating Leases 

(in millions) 
 
 2005 

2.4 

19.6 
 
 2006 

0.5 

14.8 
 
 2007 

0.2 

9.4 
 
 2008 

0.1 

7.1 
 
 2009 

6.1 
 
 Thereafter 

14.0 

Total 

3.2 

71.0 

Less amount representing interest 

(0.2) 

Present value of minimum lease payments (including current portion of 2.5) 

3.0 

Environmental
 Our businesses and some of our products are subject
to regulation under various and changing federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the environment and to employee safety and health. These environmental laws and regulations govern the generation, storage, transportation,
handling, disposal and emission of various regulated substances. These environmental laws also impose liability for personal injury or property damage related to releases of hazardous substances. Under environmental laws, permits are required for
operation of our businesses, and these permits are subject to renewal, modification and, in certain circumstances, revocation. We believe we are substantially in compliance with these laws and permitting requirements. Various and changing
environmental laws allow regulatory authorities and private parties to compel (or seek reimbursement for) cleanup of environmental contamination at sites now or formerly owned or operated by our businesses and at facilities where our waste is or has
been disposed. As a result, we spend money each year assessing
and remediating contaminated properties to avoid future liabilities, to assess and comply with legal and regulatory requirements, to minimize pollution costs, or to respond to claims by third parties. Several such sites are currently being
investigated and/or remediated under applicable environmental law. While we do not expect the costs for such activities will be, in the aggregate, material, and also believe that the Halliburton indemnity (described above) will provide coverage for
many of these costs, we have set aside reserves for these costs. However, in the event that we were to incur these costs ourselves, these reserves may not fully cover the costs of such investigation and/or remediation. Going forward, we expect to
incur ongoing capital and operating costs for investigation and remediation and to maintain compliance with currently applicable environmental laws and regulations; however, we do not expect those costs, in the aggregate, to be material. 
 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 As Halliburton has publicly disclosed, during the past several years it has been subject to numerous
lawsuits involving asbestos claims associated with, among other things, the operating units of Dresser Industries that were retained by Halliburton or disposed of by Dresser Industries or Halliburton prior to the recapitalization transaction. These
lawsuits have resulted in significant expense for Halliburton. Pursuant to the recapitalization agreement with Halliburton, all liabilities related to asbestos claims arising out of events occurring prior to the consummation of the recapitalization
transaction, are defined to be excluded liabilities, whether they resulted from activities of Halliburton, Dresser Industries or any predecessor entities of any of our businesses. The recapitalization agreement provides for certain
indemnification obligations of Halliburton for losses and liabilities that we incur arising out of, among others, such excluded liabilities. Those affiliates filed a plan of reorganization that became effective on January 20, 2005, which
requires asbestos plaintiffs with claims against us or Halliburton to look for relief exclusively to a trust established under the plan. The plan prevents us from asserting our right to indemnification under the recapitalization agreement with
Halliburton as it relates to asbestos claims based on events occurring prior to the closing of the recapitalization. However, this indemnification right is unnecessary because the plan also prevents those asbestos plaintiffs from asserting claims
against us. See Halliburton Indemnifications, above and Note 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation. We have not incurred, and do not believe that we will incur, any material liability as a result of the past use of asbestos in products manufactured by
the businesses currently owned by us or any predecessor entities of our businesses. Export Controls and Economic Sanctions Under Applicable U.S. Commerce and Treasury Department Regulations In April 2004, we received allegations that the Dubai branch of one of our U.S. subsidiaries may have engaged in transactions involving the sale of
control valves and related parts to Iraq without required authorization. Upon initial investigation, we found transactions by the branch relating to Iraq, Iran and Sudan that appeared to have been undertaken without the required prior U.S.
governmental authorizations. A short time after the Dubai branch investigation commenced, we expanded the investigation to include other Dresser affiliates that since January 1999 may have engaged in transactions relating to U.S.-sanctioned
countries (including those countries already mentioned, Libya (prior to April 2004), Cuba and Syria (since mid-May 2004)) to determine whether there were any other violations of U.S. laws related to export controls and economic sanctions. The
investigation was completed and voluntary disclosures to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments were made in late April 2005. The investigation identified a significant number of sales by certain of our other foreign affiliates to sanctioned
countries (in addition to the sales by the Dubai branch) that appear to have been performed without required U.S. government authorization. In response to the foregoing, we have undertaken and are continuing to implement a comprehensive remedial program that is designed to prevent further
unlawful transactions by our foreign subsidiaries and branches, and unlawful facilitations by U.S. persons of otherwise legal transactions by our foreign subsidiaries, involving sanctioned countries. While our foreign subsidiaries may lawfully
conduct business with sanctioned countries (other than Cuba), pursuant to a recently adopted company-wide policy they will no longer be permitted to accept new business (other than such business as they are contractually obligated to undertake in
compliance with U.S. laws) intended to or for Iran or Sudan. We have also adopted a requirement that the U.S. export/import compliance and/or legal department conduct a review of all proposed transactions by our foreign subsidiaries relating to
sanctioned countries to determine whether such sales are consistent with the new policy and in compliance with applicable U.S. laws. In addition, we have issued further guidance and provided additional training to our employees concerning the
application of U.S. foreign trade controls, and we have reorganized our management team that oversees compliance with these controls. Primary responsibility for 
 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 overseeing such compliance resides with a newly created corporate officer position titled Executive Vice President, Ethics and Compliance, which reports
directly to the Chief Executive Officer and to the Audit Committee. We have also established the position of Corporate Export/Import Compliance Director, reporting directly to the new Executive Vice President. At each business unit, compliance
managers and export/import compliance managers have also been appointed. These business unit managers report to the new Executive Vice President and the new Corporate Export /Import Compliance Director, respectively. We are also taking appropriate
disciplinary action against personnel who failed to meet their obligations under company-wide policy or otherwise engaged in wrongful conduct. While our investigation has been completed, and voluntary disclosure reports have been submitted to the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments, it remains
unclear as to what extent the various activities reported to these government agencies violate U.S. export control and economic sanctions regulations and what penalties the government agencies may seek to impose for conduct that is found to be
unlawful. Accordingly, we are unable to determine at this time the extent of violations or the nature or size of the penalties to which we may be subject as a result of any unauthorized dealings with U.S.-sanctioned countries. If we are found to be
in violation of the applicable U.S. Commerce and Treasury department regulations restricting dealings with Iran, Sudan, and Cuba (and in the past, Iraq and Libya), we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, including fines and/or suspension
of the privilege to engage in export trading or to have our foreign affiliates receive U.S.-origin goods, software or technology. We believe that a loss in connection with this matter is probable and currently estimate our minimum probable liability to be approximately 0.8 million,
which we recorded as a reserve in the fourth quarter of 2004. Given that the resolution of these issues is inherently uncertain at this time, we are not able to reasonably estimate the maximum amount or a meaningful range of probable or reasonably
likely liability that could result from an adverse resolution of this matter or any related private causes of action that may arise. Since the U.S. Commerce and Treasury departments could impose aggregate penalties in excess of the reserve, and
these amounts could be substantial, we cannot currently predict whether the ultimate resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to do business outside the United States, or on our financial
condition. In addition, our expenses related to the investigation and remedial actions have been and may continue to be substantial. Other Contingencies We are involved in various litigation, claims and administrative proceedings and product liability matters. Amounts recorded for identified contingent
liabilities are estimates, which are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional information when it becomes available. We believe that the liability which may result from these legal matters would not have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. In addition, Andrew E. Graves resigned his position as President of Flow Solutions in May 2005. Mr. Graves will receive approximately 3.0 million in severance benefits pursuant to his employment agreement. As a
result, we recorded approximately 1.4 million related to cash-based severance expense and approximately 1.6 million related to stock option expense during the second quarter of 2005. 16. Shareholders Equity Capital Stock of Dresser, Inc. Prior to July 2002, we had authorized the issuance of shares of class A common stock and class B common stock. Effective July 2002, we entered into an
agreement and plan of merger Merger Agreement with 
 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 Dresser, Ltd., a Bermuda company, and Dresser Mergerco Inc., a Delaware Corporation and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Dresser and Dresser, Ltd.
Dresser Mergerco merged with and into Dresser, with Dresser being the surviving corporation. Upon the terms of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of Dresser common stock was cancelled and the holders received one class A common share of
Dresser, Ltd., for each share of Dresser class A common stock, and one class B common share of Dresser, Ltd. for each share of Dresser class B common stock, respectively, held by each shareholder. The reorganization was accounted for as a
reorganization of entities under common control, and accordingly, it did not result in any changes to the amounts of assets, liabilities, and shareholders deficit of Dresser. The certification of incorporation was amended such that the total number of shares of stock which Dresser has the authority
to issue is 10,000 having a par value of 0.01 per share of common stock. Dresser Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owed indirect subsidiary of Dresser, Ltd., is the sole shareholder of Dresser. The number of shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
2004 and 2003, were 1,000 shares of class A common stock. Capital Stock of Dresser, Ltd. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Dresser, Ltd. was authorized in July 2002 to issue up to 15 million shares consisting of 13 million class A common shares and two million class B common shares. In January 2004,
Dresser, Ltd. increased its authorized class B shares to three million. The holder of each class A common share is entitled to notice of any shareholders meeting and has the right to one vote for each matter brought before the shareholders.
The holders of the class B common shares have no voting rights. In accordance with Dresser s Agreement and Plan of Recapitalization, Halliburton retained an approximate 5.1 voting interest in 2001 for which Halliburton received 537,408 shares of class A common stock valued at 21.5 million on the
date of closing. In 2001, Dresser also issued DEG Acquisition, LLC 9.7 million shares of class A common stock and 300,000 shares of class B common stock valued at 400.0 million on the date of closing. In connection with its acquisition of Entech in
2001, Dresser issued 171,756 shares of class A common stock and 490,744 shares of class B common stock valued at 26.5 million, net of 52,857 shares reacquired for 2.1 million. In April 2002, Dresser issued 250,000 shares of class B common stock to
DEG Acquisitions, LLC for 10.0 million to finance the Modern Acquisition. Each share of class A common stock and class B common stock was converted to Dresser, Ltd. shares in July 2002 under the terms of the Merger Agreement. Also in July 2002, Dresser forgave a receivable with a value of 2.2 million
for the return of 7,017 shares of class A common shares and 48,680 shares of class B common shares. These shares were subsequently cancelled. During 2003, 7,396 class B common shares valued at 0.3 million were issued as settlement for a severance
obligation as a result of Dresser s acquisition of Entech. In April 2004, 27,908 shares of class A common shares associated with the Entech acquisition were redeemed at the option of the shareholders. In addition, Dresser has previously issued and may continue to issue shares
of class A and class B common stock to its employees and its non-employee board members as compensation under the Dresser, Ltd stock incentive plans described below. At December 31, 2004 there were 10.5 million shares of Class A and 1.1 million
shares of class B common stock. At December 31, 2003, there were 10.5 million class A shares and 1.1 million class B shares outstanding. Share Incentive Plan The Dresser, Ltd. Share Incentive Plan is the successor and continuation of the Dresser, Inc. 2001 Stock Incentive Plan with respect to those participants
who were a part of the plan as of July 3, 2002. This Share 
 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 Incentive Plan permits the grant of a variety of equity based compensation awards, including non-qualified share options, incentive share options, restricted
share awards, phantom shares, share appreciation rights and other rights with respect to our common shares. One million seventy thousand (1,070,000) common shares (which must be class B common shares, par value 0.01) are issuable under the Share
Incentive Plan (subject to adjustment for events such as share dividends, share splits, recapitalizations, mergers and reorganizations). Our employees, consultants and directors are eligible to receive awards under the Share Incentive Plan.
 In July 2004, we implemented a program allowing employee
option holders the opportunity to surrender a portion of their current options in exchange for some combination of new time and performance options. The program was completed on August 23, 2004. In some foreign jurisdictions the program was
structured as a cancellation of options and amendment of existing options to comply with foreign tax laws, but the end result of the program did not change. The replacement options were issued with the same exercise price as the original options 40) and will vest and expire as if issued on the original issuance date of the surrendered options. The performance component of the performance options has been modified to increase the likelihood for achievement of the performance conditions,
and therefore acceleration of vesting of those options, through lower thresholds than the original performance criteria. Performance options automatically vest nine and one half years from the original issuance date, however vesting can be
accelerated whereby 25 of these options can vest annually, should performance criteria be met in calendar years 2004 through 2007. No acceleration of vesting occurred on these options in 2004. All of the option holders exchanged their options. As a
result, 234,333 options were surrendered, and 35,208 time-based and 149,875 performance options, were issued in replacement. The incremental value associated with the cancellation and reissuance of these options did not have a significant impact on
our stock-based compensation expense. Additionally, in July
2004, we issued 259,250 new time-based Dresser, Ltd. options and 259,250 new Dresser, Ltd. performance options to certain employees. All options were issued with an exercise price of 40 per share, and generally expire ten years from the issuance
date. The time-based options generally vest 20 on the first anniversary on the date of the grant then one forty-eighth of the remaining 80 per month thereafter until the options are fully vested, and the performance options vest automatically in
nine and one half years, with vesting accelerated, up to 25 per year, should performance criteria be met in calendar years 2004 through 2007. No acceleration of vesting occurred on these options in 2004. Vesting and expiration dates for options
issued to three employees are based on their date of employment and, as a result, their vesting is accelerated. The options are estimated to have five to six year expected lives, and the value of the options will be expensed over the expected
vesting period of the respective options. Certain members of
management are party to an Investor Rights Agreement, whereby if the employee leaves for good reason, is terminated by Dresser without cause, dies or suffers a permanent disability, then such employee will, pursuant to a right granted in the
employee s employment agreement, be permitted to cause Dresser to repurchase shares that they have held for at least six months at fair market value. If an employee retires, is terminated for cause, or resigns (without good reason), or leaves
for the reasons enumerated in the prior sentence but fails to put their shares to us for repurchase, then we will have the right to repurchase their shares at fair value. On July 3, 2002, Dresser Ltd. agreed to assume, perform and
discharge all of Dresser s obligations under the Investor Rights Agreement. SFAS No. 123 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation SFAS No. 123 defines a fair value method of accounting for employee stock compensation and encourages, but does not require all entities to adopt that
method of accounting. Entities electing not to adopt the fair value method of accounting must make pro forma disclosures of net income as if the fair value based method of accounting as defined in the statement had been applied. Prior to 2004 we
accounted for the stock option plans in 
 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 accordance with APB No. 25, under which no compensation cost had been recognized for stock option awards. Effective January 1, 2004, we adopted the fair
value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123. Under the modified prospective method of adoption as provided by SFAS No. 148, compensation cost recognized in 2004 is the same as that which would have been recognized had the recognition provisions of
SFAS No. 123 been applied from their original effective date. The fair value of the options as disclosed in Note 2. Restatement of Historical Financial Statements was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Assumptions 
 
 2004 
 
 2002 
 
 Volatility 
 
 0.01 
 
 0.01 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 
 3.16 -4.02 
 
 3.73 
 
 Dividend yield 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Expected life 
 
 3-6 years 
 
 10 years 
 The weighted average
fair value of options granted in 2004 and 2002 was 32.66 and 12.65, respectively. No options were granted during 2003. All options issued in 2004 were issued at below estimated market value. All options issued in 2002 were issued at estimated
market value. A summary of the stock option activity and the
related information is as follows: 

Above Market Value 
 
 Equal to Market Value 
 
 Below Market Value 
 
 Total 

Common Stock Underlying the Options 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Common Stock Underlying the Options 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Common Stock Underlying the Options 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Common Stock Underlying the Options 

Outstanding at January 1, 2002 
 
 1,912 

70.29 
 
 616,088 

40.00 

618,000 

Granted 

95,147 

40.00 

95,147 

Forfeited 

(48,000) 

40.00 

(48,000) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2002 
 
 1,912 

70.29 
 
 663,235 

40.00 

665,147 

Forfeited 

(55,000) 

40.00 

(55,000) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2003 
 
 1,912 

70.29 
 
 608,235 

40.00 

610,147 

Granted 

703,583 

40.00 
 
 703,583 

Exercised 

(12,033) 

40.00 

(12,033) 
 
 Forfeited 

(409,099) 

40.00 
 
 (116,667) 

40.00 
 
 (525,766) 
 
 Expired 

(17,769) 

40.00 

(17,769) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2004 
 
 1,912 

70.29 
 
 169,334 

40.00 
 
 586,916 

40.00 
 
 758,162 

Common Stock Underlying the Options 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Options exercisable at December 31, 2002 
 
 69,952 

40.82 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2003 
 
 119,647 

40.48 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2004 
 
 273,188 

40.21 

F-53 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Information related to stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2004 is summarized as follows:

Exercise Prices 
 
 Options Outstanding 
 
 Exercisable 

Common Stock Underlying the Options 
 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (years) 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Common Stock Underlying the Options 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 40.00 
 
 756,250 
 
 6.55 

40.00 
 
 271,276 

40.00 
 
 70.29 
 
 1,912 
 
 1.36 

70.29 
 
 1,912 

70.29 

758,162 

273,188 

At December 31, 2004,
130,805 additional options are available for issuance under the Share Incentive Plan of Dresser, Ltd. Management Equity Purchase Plan The Dresser, Ltd. Management Equity Purchase Plan is the successor and continuation of the Dresser, Inc. 2001 Management Equity Purchase Plan with respect
to those participants who were a part of the plan as of July 3, 2002. The Management Equity Purchase Plan provides for certain of our employees, directors and consultants, as authorized by the board of directors, to purchase common stock of
Dresser, Ltd. The plan provides for the purchase of up to 87,500 shares of class A common stock, par value 0.01 and up to 762,523 of class B common stock, par value 0.01. In 2001, under the 2001 Management Equity Purchase Plan, 87,500 shares of class A common stock and 146,875 shares of class B
common stock were purchased under the plan for proceeds of 9.4 million. As a result of the resignation of one employee, we repurchased 9,367 shares of class A common stock and 28,133 shares of class B common stock for 1.5 million. All purchased
shares outstanding as of July 3, 2002 under the Dresser, Inc. 2001 Management Equity Purchase Plan were converted into purchased shares under the successor plan. Deferred Compensation We offered a non-qualified deferred compensation program to certain key employees whereby they were able to defer a portion
of annual compensation. Participants were generally able to elect to have such accounts deemed to be invested in either units, which are valued based upon the value of the Dresser Ltd. s common shares, or an interest bearing account.
Distributions are generally made from the deferred compensation plan over time following the participant s retirement or other termination of employment. The program has been frozen to new participants and deferrals since 2001. The liability
for the deferred compensation program included in the financial statements at December 31, 2004 and 2003 was 13.6 million and 14.8 million, respectively. Certain liabilities under the Halliburton deferred compensation plans and supplemental
retirement plans have been transferred to our plan and are general liabilities of Dresser. The value of the units in the deferred compensation plan are valued based upon the estimated market value of our common stock. At December 31, 2004, the estimated market value of our common stock was 40 per share.
Changes in the estimated market value of Dresser Ltd. s common stock will result in a corresponding change in our deferred compensation plan, which is recorded as a component of selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses.
 During the second quarter of 2005, the estimated market value
of our common stock increased to 65 per share. As a result, we recorded expense of 6.5 million associated with our deferred compensation plan. 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 17. Mandatorily Redeemable Common Stock In 2001, under the Management Equity Purchase Plan, 87,500 shares of class A common stock and 146,875 shares of class B
common stock were issued to management for proceeds of 9.4 million. As a result of the resignation of one employee, we repurchased 9,367 shares of class A common stock and 28,133 shares of class B common stock for 1.5 million. These shares issued
to management were subject to the Investor Rights Agreement, whereby if the employee leaves for good reason, is terminated by Dresser without cause, dies or suffers a permanent disability, then such employee will, pursuant to a right granted in the
employee s employment agreement, be permitted to cause Dresser to repurchase, at fair market value, shares that they have held for at least six months. If an employee retires, is terminated for cause, or resigns (without good reason), or leaves
for the reasons enumerated in the prior sentence but fails to put their shares to us for repurchase within nine months from the date of separation, then we have the right to repurchase their shares at fair value. If the put right expires
unexercised, the shares are no longer considered mandatorily redeemable and are reclassified to additional paid-in capital. In 2004, 15,625 shares at 40 per share were reclassified from mandatorily redeemable common stock to additional paid-in
capital as the put rights related to these shares expired. On
July 3, 2002, Dresser Ltd. agreed to assume, perform and discharge all of Dresser s obligations under the Investor Rights Agreement. However, Dresser, Ltd. has no assets and no ability to discharge Dresser s obligations other than through
the use of Dresser assets. As such, the amounts have been classified as mandatorily redeemable common stock on Dresser s balance sheet at December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Entech In connection with our 2001 acquisition of Entech Industries, Inc. from funds managed by First Reserve and the other Entech shareholders, our
consideration included issuing shares of our common stock in exchange for each outstanding share of Entech common stock. At the time we purchased Entech, certain former Entech shareholders had a put right with respect to their 27,908 shares of
Entech common stock, which we assumed by giving them a similar put right with respect to the shares of our common stock they received in the acquisition. This put right allowed them to require us to purchase their shares of our common stock at a
purchase price of 107.49 British Pounds per share. In connection with the modification of our corporate structure in 2002, the shares subject to the put right became class A common shares of Dresser, Ltd. Due to Dresser, Ltd. s having no
substantive operations, the obligation relating to the put rights was reflected as mandatorily redeemable common stock in our financial statements. In April 2004, those former Entech stockholders exercised their put right. To facilitate the
repurchase of the shares, we established a loan to Dresser, Ltd. with which the shares were repurchased, which is reflected as contra-equity in our financial statements. Accordingly, the shares were transferred from mandatorily redeemable stock to
shareholders equity and reflected as an advance to Dresser, Ltd. to reflect the settlement of the put rights of 5.0 million. The advance to Dresser, Ltd. is to be reduced by proceeds received by us on behalf of Dresser, Ltd. from the escrow
account (discussed below) or from the exercise of options to acquire Dresser, Ltd. common shares. At the time of the Entech acquisition, the First Reserve funds invested in Entech and certain other Entech shareholders deposited into an escrow account
shares of our common stock equal to the then aggregate value of certain known liabilities of Entech, including the value of the put right in excess of 40 per share, for us to use to satisfy those liabilities as they became due. In connection with
the modification of our corporate structure in 2002, the shares deposited in the escrow account became common shares of Dresser, Ltd. Each First Reserve fund and the other two shareholders that deposited shares in the escrow account had the right to
remove their shares from the escrow account upon substituting cash into the escrow account in an amount equal to 40 per share or a greater fair market determined by us, and either the shareholders or we could challenge the valuation used for any
cash substitution. By June 2004, the shares in the escrow account held by First Reserve Funds and 
 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 not previously used to satisfy other known Entech liabilities had been replaced with approximately 2.9 million in cash at a rate of 40 per share, which
valuation was not challenged. The proceeds received from the escrow account were used to reduce the advance to Dresser, Ltd. The holders of the remaining 9,134 escrowed shares replaced their shares with approximately 0.3 million in cash in
September 2004. The difference between the amount we paid to the putting shareholders and the amount of funds in the escrow account at the time the put right was exercised, in excess of 40 per share repurchased, reflects the decreased value of the
U.S. dollar against the British Pound since the closing of the Entech acquisition, when the dollar value of the put right and the other known liabilities addressed by the escrow account was estimated. Cash received by us from the exercise of stock options during 2004, of
approximately 0.5 million has reduced the advance to Dresser, Ltd., resulting in a loan receivable balance at December 31, 2004 of 1.6 million. The loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 2.75 and is payable on demand. 18. Retirement and other postretirement plans We have various retirement plans, which cover a significant number of our
employees. Defined Contribution Plans
 We sponsor several defined contribution pension
plans. Contributions to these plans are based on pre-tax income and/or discretionary amounts determined on an annual basis. The expense associated with the contribution to and administration of these plans was 6.3 million, 6.6 million and 5.0
million for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Domestic and Foreign Defined Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits We sponsor several qualified and nonqualified pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans that cover a significant number of our employees. The
qualified plans are funded to operate on an actuarially sound basis. Plan assets are generally invested in cash, short-term investments, real estate, equity and fixed income securities of entities primarily domiciled in the country of the
plan s operation. At December 31, 2004, all the domestic pension plan assets were held by a master trust. 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in the plans projected benefit
obligations and fair value of plan assets as of our measurement date (October 31). 

Domestic Pension Benefits 

Foreign Pension Benefits 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

Reconciliation of benefit obligation 

Obligation as of the measurement date 

207.7 

172.8 

122.9 

91.3 

Service cost 

2.5 

2.3 

5.1 

4.7 

Interest cost 

12.8 

11.9 

5.8 

4.4 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

7.8 

27.3 

(1.7) 

2.3 

Other 

2.4 

5.3 

1.1 

10.8 

Benefit payments 

(12.3) 

(11.9) 

(6.8) 

(4.0) 
 
 Participant contributions 

1.0 

0.7 

Effects of settlements/curtailment 

1.1 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

9.4 

12.7 

Obligation at the measurement date 

220.9 

207.7 

137.9 

122.9 

Change in plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at measurement date 

143.3 

130.2 

54.5 

37.8 

Actual return on plan assets 

12.3 

21.1 

3.0 

3.9 

Employer contributions 

6.7 

3.9 

7.0 

4.8 

Participant contributions 

1.0 

0.7 

Benefit payments 

(12.3) 

(11.9) 

(6.8) 

(4.0) 
 
 Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

5.1 

5.3 

Other 

6.0 

Fair value of plan assets at measurement date 

150.0 

143.3 

63.8 

54.5 

Funded status 

Funded status of the plans 

(70.9) 

(64.4) 

(74.1) 

(68.4) 
 
 Unrecognized net loss (gain) 

91.6 

87.1 

13.7 

14.4 

Unrecognized transition obligation 

14.0 

15.6 

Employer contributions 

0.4 

0.6 

1.8 

1.1 

Unrecognized prior service cost 

13.2 

12.9 

(2.1) 

Pension asset (liability) 

34.3 

36.2 

(46.7) 

(37.3) 

Amounts recognized in the balance sheet 

Prepaid benefit cost 

34.3 

36.2 

5.4 

6.4 

Accrued benefit liability 

(52.1) 

(43.7) 
 
 Additional minimum liability 

(101.5) 

(96.9) 

(2.4) 

(5.6) 
 
 Intangible asset 

13.3 

13.1 

1.6 

4.3 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

88.2 

83.8 

0.8 

1.3 

Net amount recognized 

34.3 

36.2 

(46.7) 

(37.3) 

F-57 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Components of the net periodic benefit cost for the plans are as follows: 

Domestic Pension Benefits 

Foreign Pension Benefits 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

2002 (Restated) 

2004 

2003 (Restated) 

2002 (Restated) 

(in millions) 

Service cost 

2.5 

2.3 

2.8 

5.1 

4.7 

4.1 

Interest costs 

12.8 

11.9 

11.7 

5.8 

4.4 

3.8 

Expected return on plan assets 

(13.9) 

(14.7) 

(14.8) 

(3.4) 

(2.6) 

(2.5) 
 
 Settlements/curtailment 

1.6 

1.1 

Amortization of 

Unrecognized net loss (gain) 

4.8 

1.5 

1.0 

0.5 

0.5 

Unrecognized net asset 

1.9 

1.8 

1.8 

Unrecognized prior service cost 

2.1 

2.1 

0.7 

Net periodic pension cost 

8.3 

4.7 

1.4 

11.0 

8.8 

7.2 

The prior service
costs reported in 2004, 2003 and 2002 were amortized on the straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of active participants. In 2004, 2003 and 2002, gains and losses in excess of 10 of the greater of the benefit obligation and
the market-related value of assets were amortized over the average remaining service period of active participants. Certain of our pension plans were under-funded at December 31, 2004 and 2003 with an aggregate benefit obligation of 352.3 million and 311.8 million
respectively, and aggregate assets of 205.1 million and 174.2 million, respectively. The assumptions used to determine our pension benefit obligation at October 31, 2004 and 2003 were as follows: 

Domestic Pension Benefits 

Foreign Pension Benefits 

2004 

2003 

2004 

2003 

Discount rate 
 
 5.75 

6.25 

2.0-9.5 

2.0-10.0 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

2.0-6.6 

2.0-7.2 
 
 The discount rate is
selected with reference to the broad universe of high-quality corporate bonds as of the measurement date. The projected benefit payments are matched with the yields on these bonds to determine an appropriate discount rate for the plan. 
 The assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the years
ended October 31, 2004 and 2003 were as follows: 

Domestic Pension Benefits 

Foreign Pension Benefits 

2004 

2003 

2002 

2004 

2003 

2002 

Discount rate 
 
 6.25 

7.0 

7.0 

2.0-10.0 

3.0-6.5 

3.0-7.0 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2.0-7.2 

2.5-7.5 

2.5-7.5 

Expected return on plan assets 
 
 8.75 

9.0 

9.0 

2.5-10.0 

3.5-8.0 

3.5-8.0 
 
 In 2005, we estimate
the long-term rate of return on plan assets will be 8.75 for domestic plan assets and 2.5 to 10.0 for foreign plan assets. To determine the expected long-term rate of return for domestic plans we evaluated our current asset allocation in relation
to the 20-year returns for these asset classes. The weighted 
 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 average result was adjusted downward to reflect our long-term expectation of future asset earnings. The rates of return for the foreign plans are calculated
based on the target and actual allocation of assets for a particular plan in relation to the expected weighted average long-term rate of return. Our pension plan weighted-average asset allocations of our Domestic Pension Benefit Plan at October 31, by asset category, are as follows: 

2004 

2003 

Long duration bonds 
 
 33.29 

31.57 

U.S. stocks 
 
 55.01 

56.74 

International stocks 
 
 10.40 

10.87 

Money Market 
 
 1.30 

0.82 

Total 
 
 100 

100 

Our investment
strategy varies by country depending on the circumstances of the underlying plan. Our pension plans are invested in a diversified portfolio with the primary objective of providing adequate cash flows to meet the obligations of the plan while at the
same time preserving principal and maximizing returns. To meet our investment objectives, we have designed an allocation range by investment class to provide the highest probability of meeting or exceeding the investment objectives at the lowest
possible risk. Our investment allocations by assets class for Domestic Pension Benefit Plans are as follows: 

Asset Class 
 
 Strategic Allocation 

Acceptable Range 

Domestic Equities Large Cap 
 
 50 

45-55 

Domestic Equities Small Cap 
 
 5 

0-10 

International Equities 
 
 10 

5-15 

Total Equities 
 
 65 

55-75 

Fixed Income 
 
 35 

25-45 

Cash 
 
 0 

0-10 
 
 The significant
international pension plans have target asset allocations that vary by each plan. Actual asset allocation within approved ranges is based on a variety of current economic and market conditions and consideration of specific asset category risk. The
actual allocations range from 30 - 73 in bonds, 7 - 70 in equities, 0 - 12 in real estate, 0 - 9 in other investments. We expect to contribute approximately 13.6 million to our domestic pension benefit plans in 2005 and 9.3 million to our foreign pension benefit
plan. The following pension benefit payments, which reflect
expected future service as appropriate, are expected to be paid: 

Domestic Pension Benefits 
 
 Foreign Pension Benefits 

(in millions) 
 
 2005 

11.6 

6.6 
 
 2006 

12.2 

6.5 
 
 2007 

12.7 

5.7 
 
 2008 

13.3 

6.3 
 
 2009 

14.0 

6.3 
 
 2010-2014 

79.3 

37.0 
 
 F-59 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Nonqualified Pension Plans We provide certain key employees with additional pension benefits through several unfunded nonqualified pension plans. These
plans, the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), the Supplemental Plan for Dresser, Inc. and the ERISA Excess Benefit Plan for Dresser, Inc., supplement our qualified retirement plans and restore benefits that are otherwise limited due to
Internal Revenue Service limitations. The estimated liability for the nonqualified pension plans at December 31, 2004 and 2003 was 2.7 million and 4.5 million, respectively and the related expenses were approximately 1.6 million in 2004,
 0.8 million in 2003, 0.7 million in 2002. Other
Postretirement Plans We sponsor contributory and
non-contributory postretirement medical and life insurance benefit plans to specific eligible employees, but we generally absorb the majority of the costs. We may elect to adjust the amount of employee contributions for these plans. During 2003 and 2002, several plans were amended to provide for greater
cost-sharing between us and the retirees, effectively reducing our future obligation by approximately 22.4 million and 4.2 million in 2003 and 2002, respectively. The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in the plans projected benefit obligations as of our
measurement date (October 31): 

2004 

2003 

(in millions) 

Change in benefit obligation 

Benefit obligation at November 1 

176.3 

184.9 

Service cost 

2.0 

2.4 

Interest cost 

9.4 

12.4 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

(4.8) 

9.4 

Participant contributions 

2.5 

2.6 

Plan amendment 

(22.4) 
 
 Benefits paid 

(11.9) 

(13.0) 

Benefit obligation at October 31 

173.5 

176.3 

Change in plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at November 1 

Employer contribution 

9.3 

10.4 

Participant contributions 

2.6 

2.6 

Benefits paid 

(11.9) 

(13.0) 

Fair value of plan assets at October 31 

Funded status plan assets less obligation 

173.5 

176.3 

Unrecognized net gain 

(36.1) 

(41.4) 
 
 Unrecognized prior service costs 

48.3 

55.6 

Accrued benefit liability 

185.7 

190.5 

Weighted-average assumptions at measurement date: 

Discount rate 

5.75 

6.25 

Expected return on plan assets 

N/A 

N/A 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A 

N/A 

F-60 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2004 

2003 

2002 

(in millions) 

Components of net periodic benefit cost at valuation date: 

Service costs 

2.0 

2.4 

1.7 

Interest costs 

9.4 

12.4 

13.1 

Amortization of prior service cost 

(7.4) 

(5.8) 

(4.6) 
 
 Amortization of net loss (gain) 

0.5 

1.5 

1.9 

Net periodic benefit cost 

4.5 

10.5 

12.1 

Assumed healthcare
cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the healthcare plans. A one-percent change in assumed healthcare cost trend rates would have the following effect: 

1 Increase 

1 Decrease 

(in millions) 

Effect on total service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement healthcare benefit costs for the year ended December 31,
2004 

1.5 

(1.2) 
 
 Effect on healthcare cost component of the postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2004 

18.4 

(15.1) 

2004 

2003 

Assumed health care cost trend rates at December 31: 

Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 

9 

10 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) 

5 

5 

Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

2009 

2009 
 
 The following other
postretirement plan benefit payments, which reflect expected future service as appropriate, are expected to be paid: 

(in millions) 
 
 2005 
 
 10.6 
 
 2006 
 
 11.4 
 
 2007 
 
 12.0 
 
 2008 
 
 11.3 
 
 2009 
 
 11.6 
 
 2010-2014 
 
 59.6 
 19. Segment Information
 We aggregate our business units reported to our chief
operating decision makers under three reportable segments: flow control, measurement systems and compression and power systems. The business segments are organized around the products and services provided to the customers each serves. The business
units aggregated share like businesses, operational and economic features. Flow Control. Operations of the flow control segment include the design, manufacture and marketing of valves and actuators. These products are used to start, stop and control the flow of liquids and gases and
to protect process equipment from excessive pressure. In addition, this segment also includes the design manufacture and marketing of natural gas meters, regulators, digital and analog pressure and temperature gauges, transducers, and piping
specialties such as couplings and conductors. 
 F-61 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Measurement Systems. Operations of the measurement systems segment consist of the design,
manufacture and marketing of fuel dispensers, pumps, peripherals and point-of-sale systems and software for the retail fueling industry. Compression and Power Systems. Operations of the compression and power systems segment consist of the design, manufacture and marketing of natural
gas fueled engines used primarily in natural gas compression and power generation applications. We also manufacture positive displacement blowers and centrifugal compressors used in air and gas applications. We evaluate performance based on the operating income or loss from each
business segment which excludes interest, other income (deductions) and income taxes. The accounting polices of the reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 4. Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies. The following table
presents information by reportable segment for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002: 

Flow Control 

Measurements Systems 
 
 Compression and Power Systems 
 
 Reconciling Items, Including Corporate(1) 

Total 

(in millions) 
 
 2004 

Revenues from external customers 

1,086.0 

584.3 

321.4 

1,991.7 
 
 Intersegment revenues 

0.7 

5.2 

0.7 

(6.6) 

Operating income 

(9.4) 

79.2 

22.0 

(58.6) 

33.2 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

23.7 

9.7 

12.4 

3.0 

48.8 
 
 Goodwill 

246.9 

111.3 

358.2 
 
 Total assets 

877.2 

496.8 

151.7 

138.5 

1,664.2 
 
 Capital expenditures 

28.7 

4.3 

2.5 

15.3 

50.8 

2003 Restated 

Revenues from external customers 

996.4 

389.0 

275.7 

1,661.1 
 
 Intersegment revenues 

0.4 

4.8 

1.3 

(6.5) 

Operating income 

45.6 

35.5 

12.6 

(40.1) 

53.6 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

24.8 

5.8 

10.6 

2.8 

44.0 
 
 Goodwill 

300.0 

15.2 

315.2 
 
 Total assets 

861.7 

149.4 

142.0 

251.4 

1,404.5 
 
 Capital expenditures 

21.0 

1.3 

3.8 

4.7 

30.8 

2002 Restated 

Revenues from external customers 

1,004.7 

309.3 

276.4 

1,590.4 
 
 Intersegment revenues 

0.2 

2.8 

0.7 

(3.7) 

Operating income 

71.6 

23.9 

17.2 

(27.7) 

85.0 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

25.0 

5.1 

12.2 

1.0 

43.3 
 
 Goodwill 

286.2 

14.3 

300.5 
 
 Total assets 

891.0 

137.1 

105.3 

222.0 

1,355.4 
 
 Capital expenditures 

9.2 

1.6 

4.2 

0.2 

15.2 

(1) 
 Reconciling Items, Including Corporate revenue and operating income represents inter-segment eliminations and certain corporate overhead costs not allocated to each business
segment. Reconciling Items, Including Corporate assets primarily consist of cash, deferred financing fees, prepaid and intangible pension costs and deferred tax assets. 
 F-62 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The following table presents information by geographic area for the years ended December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002: 

2004 
 
 2003 (Restated) 
 
 2002 (Restated) 

(in millions) 
 
 Revenues 

United States of America 

752.5 

719.6 

716.5 
 
 Canada and Latin America 

252.1 

223.9 

254.7 
 
 Europe and Africa 

616.2 

453.1 

387.0 
 
 Asia Pacific 

232.0 

158.4 

153.1 
 
 Middle East 

138.9 

106.1 

79.1 

Total 

1,991.7 

1,661.1 

1,590.4 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

United States of America 

130.6 

132.6 

136.7 
 
 Canada and Latin America 

14.7 

8.7 

5.8 
 
 Europe and Africa 

81.8 

54.5 

54.9 
 
 Asia Pacific 

13.3 

12.1 

10.7 
 
 Middle East 

0.2 

0.2 

0.3 

Total 

240.6 

208.1 

208.4 

20. Supplemental Guarantor
Information In connection with our senior subordinated
notes due 2011, our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries guaranteed, jointly and severally, our obligation to pay principal and interest on the notes on a full and unconditional basis. The following supplemental financial information presents the
balance sheets as of December 31, 2004 and 2003 and the statements of operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively. The balance sheet as of December 31, 2003 and the statements of operations and cash
flows for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 have been restated. See Note 2. Restatement of Historical Financial Statements for information related to the restatement of our historical financial statements. In the consolidating
financial statements, the investments in wholly-owned subsidiaries are accounted for using the equity method. 
 F-63 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS For the Year Ended December 31, 2004 (in millions) 

Parent 

Subsidiary Guarantors 
 
 Non- Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 

Total Consolidated 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

28.0 

70.6 

98.6 

Accounts receivable, net 

131.4 

3.1 

305.0 

439.5 

Notes receivable 

1.0 

2.1 

3.1 

Inventories 

115.3 

11.2 

201.3 

327.8 

Other current assets 

12.0 

25.2 

37.2 

Total current assets 

287.7 

14.3 

604.2 

906.2 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

123.2 

0.1 

117.3 

240.6 

Investments in and advances with consolidated subsidiaries 

612.7 

581.6 

(1,194.3) 

Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

9.3 

9.3 

Goodwill 

100.1 

17.1 

241.0 

358.2 

Other assets 

93.8 

0.4 

55.7 

149.9 

Total assets 

1,217.5 

613.5 

1,027.5 

(1,194.3) 

1,664.2 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

92.5 

0.5 

219.0 

312.0 

Notes payable 

10.7 

10.7 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

2.0 

1.2 

3.2 

Accrued Payroll and other compensation 

27.8 

0.2 

32.6 

60.6 

Deferred revenue 

5.8 

26.4 

32.2 

Accrued expenses 

37.5 

0.1 

89.3 

126.9 

Total current liabilities 

165.6 

0.8 

379.2 

545.6 

Pension and other retiree benefit obligations 

289.1 

54.6 

343.7 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

1,059.5 

2.3 

1,061.8 

Other liabilities 

23.0 

6.3 

29.3 

Total liabilities 

1,537.2 

0.8 

442.4 

1,980.4 

Commitments and contingencies 

Minority interest 

3.5 

3.5 

Mandatorily redeemable common stock of Dresser, Ltd. 

6.7 

6.7 

Shareholders (deficit) equity: 

Total shareholders (deficit) equity 

(326.4) 

612.7 

581.6 

(1,194.3) 

(326.4) 

Total liabilities and shareholders (deficit) equity 

1,217.5 

613.5 

1,027.5 

(1,194.3) 

1,664.2 

F-64 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS For the Year Ended December 31, 2003 Restated (in millions)

Parent 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non- Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 Eliminations 

Total Consolidated 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

80.0 

69.0 

149.0 

Accounts receivable, net 

114.5 

2.3 

159.6 

276.4 

Notes receivable 

1.5 

2.9 

4.4 

Inventories 

106.9 

18.5 

154.8 

280.2 

Other current assets 

11.7 

9.6 

21.3 

Total current assets 

314.6 

20.8 

395.9 

731.3 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

132.5 

0.3 

75.3 

208.1 

Investments in and advances with consolidated subsidiaries 

444.7 

401.0 

(845.7) 

Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 

7.1 

7.1 

Goodwill 

121.4 

23.8 

170.0 

315.2 

Other assets 

97.7 

(0.2) 

45.3 

142.8 

Total assets 

1,110.9 

445.7 

693.6 

(845.7) 

1,404.5 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

75.6 

1.1 

121.6 

198.3 

Notes payable 

0.5 

2.4 

2.9 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

1.9 

0.8 

2.7 

Accrued Payroll and other compensation 

21.4 

0.1 

26.7 

48.2 

Deferred revenue 

7.2 

18.8 

26.0 

Accrued expenses 

51.3 

(0.2) 

66.4 

117.5 

Total current liabilities 

157.9 

1.0 

236.7 

395.6 

Pension and other retiree benefit obligations 

290.6 

49.3 

339.9 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

938.9 

2.5 

941.4 

Other liabilities 

21.6 

3.7 

25.3 

Total liabilities 

1,409.0 

1.0 

292.2 

1,702.2 

Commitments and contingencies 

Minority interest 

0.4 

0.4 

Mandatorily redeemable common stock of Dresser, Ltd. 

12.4 

12.4 

Shareholders (deficit) equity: 

Total shareholders (deficit) equity 

(310.5) 

444.7 

401.0 

(845.7) 

(310.5) 

Total liabilities and shareholders (deficit) equity 

1,110.9 

445.7 

693.6 

(845.7) 

1,404.5 

F-65 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS For the Year Ended December 31, 2004 (in millions) 

Parent 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non- Guarantor Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Total Consolidated 

Revenues 

1,068.0 

28.0 

1,028.4 

(132.7) 

1,991.7 

Cost of revenues 

784.7 

23.1 

765.5 

(132.7) 

1,440.6 

Gross profit 

283.3 

4.9 

262.9 

551.1 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

264.9 

2.7 

186.5 

454.1 

Impairment of goodwill 

21.5 

6.7 

35.6 

63.8 

Operating income (loss) 

(3.1) 

(4.5) 

40.8 

33.2 

Interest expense 

(88.4) 

(0.1) 

(25.1) 

22.5 

(91.1) 
 
 Interest income 

22.6 

1.2 

(22.5) 

1.3 

Other income (expense), net 

3.3 

(0.1) 

(2.0) 

1.2 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(65.6) 

(4.7) 

14.9 

(55.4) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

(0.2) 

(0.1) 

(11.4) 

(11.7) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(65.8) 

(4.8) 

3.5 

(67.1) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

3.9 

3.9 

Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries 

1.9 

6.7 

(8.6) 

Minority owner s share of consolidated subsidiaries 

(0.7) 

(0.7) 

Net income (loss) 

(63.9) 

1.9 

6.7 

(8.6) 

(63.9) 

F-66 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS For the Year Ended December 31, 2003 Restated (in millions) 

Parent 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non- Guarantor Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Total Consolidated 

Revenues 

970.9 

55.1 

741.3 

(106.2) 

1,661.1 

Cost of revenues 

729.2 

44.0 

557.6 

(105.6) 

1,225.2 

Gross profit 

241.7 

11.1 

183.7 

(0.6) 

435.9 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

227.5 

4.9 

150.5 

(0.6) 

382.3 

Operating income (loss) 

14.2 

6.2 

33.2 

53.6 

Interest expense 

(82.2) 

(0.3) 

(20.0) 

17.0 

(85.5) 
 
 Interest income 

16.8 

3.1 

(17.0) 

2.9 

Other income (expense), net 

3.3 

2.2 

0.7 

6.2 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(47.9) 

8.1 

17.0 

(22.8) 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

(0.2) 

(0.1) 

(17.1) 

(17.4) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(48.1) 

8.0 

(0.1) 

(40.2) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

2.3 

2.3 

Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries 

10.2 

2.2 

(12.4) 

Minority owner s share of consolidated subsidiaries 

Net income (loss) 

(37.9) 

10.2 

2.2 

(12.4) 

(37.9) 

F-67 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS For the Year Ended December 31, 2002 Restated (in millions) 

Parent 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non- Guarantor Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Total Consolidated 

Revenues 

985.1 

48.8 

693.9 

(137.4) 

1,590.4 

Cost of revenues 

736.7 

37.4 

523.1 

(133.6) 

1,163.6 

Gross profit 

248.4 

11.4 

170.8 

(3.8) 

426.8 

Selling, engineering, administrative and general expenses 

216.6 

4.1 

124.9 

(3.8) 

341.8 

Operating income (loss) 

31.8 

7.3 

45.9 

85.0 

Interest expense 

(89.3) 

(0.8) 

(21.5) 

16.3 

(95.3) 
 
 Interest income 

16.7 

2.3 

(16.3) 

2.7 

Other income (expense), net 

8.6 

(1.1) 

0.3 

7.8 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(32.2) 

5.4 

27.0 

0.2 

Provision for income taxes 

(0.2) 

(0.1) 

(13.7) 

(14.0) 

Income (loss) before equity interests 

(32.4) 

5.3 

13.3 

(13.8) 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

3.0 

3.0 

Equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries 

21.6 

16.3 

(37.9) 

Minority owner s share of consolidated subsidiaries 

Net income (loss) 

(10.8) 

21.6 

16.3 

(37.9) 

(10.8) 

F-68 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS For the Year Ended December 31, 2004 (in millions) 

Parent 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non- Guarantor Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Total Consolidated 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

(63.9) 

1.9 

6.7 

(8.6) 

(63.9) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flow (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

28.7 

20.1 

48.8 

Equity earnings of unconsolidated and consolidated subsidiaries 

(1.9) 

(6.7) 

(3.9) 

8.6 

(3.9) 
 
 Loss on repayment of debt 

11.6 

11.6 

Bad debt expense 

0.5 

0.4 

2.3 

3.2 

Excess and obsolete inventory expense 

14.7 

0.2 

4.6 

19.5 

Equity compensation 

9.0 

9.0 

(Gain) loss on foreign currency exchange 

0.8 

0.8 

Amortization of deferred financing fees and amortization of bond premium 

4.7 

4.7 

Impairment of assets 

21.5 

6.7 

35.6 

63.8 

Gain on sale of assets 

(3.4) 

(2.2) 

(5.6) 
 
 Deferred income taxes 

(4.2) 

(4.2) 
 
 Other changes, net 

8.6 

10.7 

(70.1) 

(50.8) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

30.9 

13.2 

(11.1) 

33.0 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of businesses 

(167.5) 

(167.5) 
 
 Capital expenditures 

(34.7) 

(16.1) 

(50.8) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of assets 

4.4 

3.3 

7.7 

Other 

0.9 

0.9 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

(30.3) 

(179.4) 

(209.7) 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances (to) from affiliates 

(166.1) 

(13.2) 

179.3 

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 

172.4 

172.4 

Repayment of long-term debt (including current portion) 

(56.8) 

(0.8) 

(57.6) 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in short term notes payable 

(0.5) 

8.5 

8.0 

Payment of deferred financing fees 

Purchase of shares, net of proceeds from escrow and exercise of stock options 

(1.6) 

(1.6) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(52.6) 

(13.2) 

187.0 

121.2 

Effect of translation adjustments on cash 

5.1 

5.1 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

(52.0) 

1.6 

(50.4) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

80.0 

69.0 

149.0 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

28.0 

70.6 

98.6 

F-69 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS For the Year Ended December 31, 2003 Restated (in millions)

Parent 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non- Guarantor Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Total Consolidated 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

(37.9) 

10.2 

2.2 

(12.4) 

(37.9) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flow (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

30.1 

13.9 

44.0 

Equity earnings of unconsolidated and consolidated subsidiaries 

(10.2) 

(2.2) 

(2.3) 

12.4 

(2.3) 
 
 Loss on repayment of debt 

1.1 

1.1 

Bad debt expense 

6.5 

(0.6) 

5.9 

Excess and obsolete inventory expense 

1.5 

0.2 

7.0 

8.7 

Gain on foreign currency exchange 

(6.4) 

(9.7) 

(16.1) 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing fees and amortization of bond premium 

5.6 

5.6 

Impairment of assets 

5.6 

5.6 

Loss on sale of subsidiary 

4.7 

4.7 

Deferred income taxes 

0.3 

0.3 

Other changes, net 

82.0 

(10.7) 

(15.1) 

56.2 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

77.9 

(2.5) 

0.4 

75.8 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of business 

(15.4) 

(15.4) 
 
 Capital expenditures 

(19.2) 

(11.6) 

(30.8) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 

24.0 

24.0 

Changes in restricted cash 

7.5 

2.1 

9.6 

Other 

1.8 

1.8 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(27.1) 

16.3 

(10.8) 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances (to) from affiliates 

(9.1) 

9.1 

Repayment of long-term debt (including current portion) 

(25.8) 

1.9 

(0.2) 

(24.1) 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in short term notes payable 

2.3 

(15.2) 

(12.9) 
 
 Payment of deferred financing fees 

(3.5) 

(3.5) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(36.1) 

1.9 

(6.3) 

(40.5) 
 
 Effect of translation adjustments on cash 

2.7 

6.3 

9.0 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

17.4 

(0.6) 

16.7 

33.5 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

62.6 

0.6 

52.3 

115.5 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

80.0 

69.0 

149.0 

F-70 

Table of Contents 

DRESSER, INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS For the Year Ended December 31, 2002 Restated (in millions)

Parent 

Subsidiary Guarantors 

Non- Guarantor Subsidiaries 

Eliminations 

Total Consolidated 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

(10.8) 

21.6 

16.3 

(37.9) 

(10.8) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flow (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

28.7 

14.6 

43.3 

Equity earnings of unconsolidated and consolidated subsidiaries 

(21.6) 

(16.3) 

(3.0) 

37.9 

(3.0) 
 
 Loss on repayment of debt 

10.1 

10.1 

Amortization of deferred financing fees, net of amortization of bond premium 

6.0 

6.0 

Deferred taxes 

(0.7) 

(0.7) 
 
 Other changes, net 

53.0 

2.4 

36.0 

91.4 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

65.4 

7.7 

63.2 

136.3 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of assets 

(21.4) 

(21.4) 
 
 Capital expenditures 

(10.1) 

(5.1) 

(15.2) 
 
 Changes in restricted cash 

(7.5) 

(2.8) 

(10.3) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(39.0) 

(7.9) 

(46.9) 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances (to) from affiliates 

(48.3) 

48.3 

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 

256.3 

256.3 

Repayment of long-term debt (including current portion) 

(209.4) 

(7.1) 

(97.4) 

(313.9) 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in short term notes payable 

(24.0) 

(24.0) 
 
 Payment of deferred financing fees 

(7.8) 

(0.1) 

(7.9) 
 
 Purchase of shares, net of proceeds from escrow and exercise of stock options, other 

10.0 

10.0 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

0.8 

(7.1) 

(73.2) 

(79.5) 
 
 Effect of translation adjustments on cash 

3.9 

3.9 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

27.2 

0.6 

(14.0) 

13.8 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

35.4 

66.3 

101.7 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

62.6 

0.6 

52.3 

115.5 

F-71 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statement Schedule To the Board of Directors of Dresser, Inc.: Our audits
of the financial statements referred to in our report dated December 21, 2005 appearing elsewhere in this 2004 Annual Report on Form 10-K also included an audit of the financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. In our
opinion, this financial statement schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related financial statements. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Dallas, Texas
 December 21, 2005 
 F-72 

Table of Contents 

 SCHEDULE II 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (in millions) 

Description 
 
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
 
 Charged to Costs and Expenses 
 
 Charged to Other Accounts 

Write-off Net of Recoveries 

Balance at End of Period 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2004 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

15.4 

3.2 

3.5 

(6.5) 

15.6 
 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

326.2 

3.0 

(14.9) 

314.3 
 
 Excess and obsolete inventory reserves 

40.1 

19.5 

1.2 

(16.5) 

44.3 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2003 Restated 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

10.8 

5.9 

0.2 

(1.5) 

15.4 
 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

323.7 

13.0 

(10.5) 

326.2 
 
 Excess and obsolete inventory reserves 

34.2 

8.7 

3.0 

(5.8) 

40.1 

For the year ended December 31, 2002 Restated 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

6.4 

4.2 

0.6 

(0.4) 

10.8 
 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

317.9 

8.8 

(3.0) 

323.7 
 
 Excess and obsolete inventory reserves 

30.4 

5.8 

(2.0) 

34.2 
 
 F-73 

<EX-4.24>
 2
 dex424.htm
 FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Fourth Supplemental Indenture 

Exhibit 4.24 FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of December 4, 2003, among Dresser, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), the Guarantors
named herein and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee (the Trustee ). WHEREAS, the Company has duly issued its 9 3 / 8 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2011 (the Notes ), in the aggregate principal amount of 550,000,000 pursuant to an Indenture dated as of April 10, 2001, among the Company, the
Guarantors named therein and the Trustee, and the Notes are outstanding on the date hereof; and WHEREAS, Section 9.02 of the Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may amend any provision of the Indenture with the written consent of
the Holders (as defined in the Indenture) of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes and execute a supplemental indenture; and WHEREAS, the Company solicited, and has received, consents upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Consent Solicitation Statement dated November 18, 2003 and the accompanying consent letters, from Holders representing at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to certain amendments described therein to the
Indenture; and WHEREAS, Section 9.04 of the Indenture
provides that a supplemental indenture becomes effective in accordance with its terms and thereafter binds every Holder; NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Indenture. SECTION 2. AMENDMENT TO SECTION 4.03. Section 4.03 of the Indenture is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following: Section 4.03 Reports to
Holders Whether or not required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC, so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Company shall furnish to the Holders of Notes: (1) all quarterly and annual financial information that would be required to be contained in a filing with the SEC on Forms 10-Q and 10-K
if the Company were required to file such forms (provided that the annual information required for fiscal years prior to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 may be unaudited and the quarterly 

financial information required for periods prior to December 31, 2001 will not have been subject to a limited review of interim financial information in
accordance with the standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, i.e. SAS 100), including a Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations that describes the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (showing in reasonable detail, either on the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto and in Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of the Unrestricted
Subsidiaries of the Company) and, with respect to the annual information for fiscal years beginning with and including the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 only, a report thereon by the Company s certified independent accountants; and
 (2) all current reports that would be
required to be filed with the SEC on Form 8-K if the Company were required to file such reports, in each case, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations. In addition, following the consummation of the Exchange Offer contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement, whether or
not required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, the Company shall file a copy of all such information and reports with the SEC for public availability within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations (unless the SEC
will not accept such a filing) and make such information available to securities analysts and prospective investors upon request. The Company shall at all times comply with TIA 314(a). In addition, for so long as any Notes remain outstanding,
the Company shall furnish to the Holders and to securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Section 4.03, the
Company shall not be required to comply with the terms of this Section 4.03 with respect to any period prior to December 15, 2003 until December 15, 2003. SECTION 3. MISCELLANEOUS. Section 3.1 New York Law to Govern. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 
 Section 3.2 Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Fourth Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all
of them together represent the same agreement. 

Section 3.3 Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the
construction hereof. Section 3.4 Trustee Disclaimer. The Trustee
has accepted the amendment of the Indenture effected by this Fourth Supplemental Indenture and agrees to execute the trust created by the Indenture as hereby amended, but only upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture, including the
terms and provisions defining and limiting the liabilities and responsibilities of the Trustee, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or with respect to any of the
recitals or statements contained herein, all of which recitals or statements are made solely by the Company, or for or with respect to (a) the validity or sufficiency of this Fourth Supplemental Indenture or any of the terms or provisions
hereof, (b) the proper authorization hereof by the Company by corporate action or otherwise, (c) the due execution hereof by the Company, (d) the consequences (direct or indirect and whether deliberate or inadvertent) of any amendment
herein provided for, and the Trustee makes no representation with respect to any such matters and (e) the validity or sufficiency of the solicitation or the consent solicitation materials or procedure in connection therewith. 
 [Signatures on following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Fourth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed
and attested, all as of the date first written above. 

DRESSER, INC. 

By: 
 
 / S / P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 

Name: Patrick M. Murray 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

DRESSER INTERNATIONAL INC. 

By: 
 
 / S / P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 

Name: Patrick M. Murray 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

DRESSER RUSSIA, INC. 

By: 
 
 / S / P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 

Name: Patrick M. Murray 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

DRESSER RE, INC. 

By: 
 
 / S / P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 

Name: Patrick M. Murray 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

DRESSER ENTECH, INC. 

By: 
 
 / S / P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 

Name: Patrick M. Murray 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

RING-O VALVE, INCORPORATED 

By: 
 
 / S / P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 

Name: Patrick M. Murray 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

LVF HOLDING CORPORATION 

By: 
 
 / S / P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 

Name: Patrick M. Murray 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

MODERN ACQUISITION, INC. 

By: 
 
 / S / P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 

Name: Patrick M. Murray 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 

By: 
 
 / S / A RTHUR L.
B LAKESLEE 

Name: Arthur L. Blakeslee 

Title: Assistant Vice President 

</EX-4.24>

<EX-4.25>
 3
 dex425.htm
 FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Fifth Supplemental Indenture 

Exhibit 4.25 FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of December 19, 2005, among Dresser, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), the Guarantors
named herein and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee (the Trustee ). WHEREAS, the Company has duly issued its 9 3 / 8 Senior Subordinated Notes due 2011 (the Notes ), in the aggregate principal amount of 550,000,000 pursuant to an Indenture dated as of April 10, 2001, among the Company, the
Guarantors named therein and the Trustee, and the Notes are outstanding on the date hereof; and WHEREAS, Section 9.02 of the Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may amend any provision of the Indenture with the written consent of
the Holders (as defined in the Indenture) of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes and execute a supplemental indenture; and WHEREAS, the Company solicited, and has received, consents upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Consent Solicitation Statement dated December 6, 2005 and the accompanying consent letters, from Holders representing at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes to certain amendments described therein to the
Indenture; and WHEREAS, Section 9.04 of the Indenture
provides that a supplemental indenture becomes effective in accordance with its terms and thereafter binds every Holder; NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Indenture. SECTION 2. AMENDMENT TO SECTION 4.03. Section 4.03 of the Indenture is hereby deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following: Section 4.03 Reports to
Holders Whether or not required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC, so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Company shall furnish to the Holders of Notes: (1) all quarterly and annual financial information that would be required to be contained in a filing with the SEC on Forms 10-Q and 10-K
if the Company were required to file such forms (provided that the annual information required for fiscal years prior to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 may be unaudited), including a 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations that describes the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (showing in reasonable detail, either on the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of operations of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Company) and, with
respect to the annual information for fiscal years beginning with and including the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 only, a report thereon by the Company s certified independent accountants; and (2) all current reports that would be required to be filed
with the SEC on Form 8-K if the Company were required to file such reports, in each case, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations. In addition, following the consummation of the Exchange Offer contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement, whether or
not required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, the Company shall file a copy of all such information and reports with the SEC for public availability within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations (unless the SEC
will not accept such a filing) and make such information available to securities analysts and prospective investors upon request. The Company shall at all times comply with TIA 314(a). In addition, for so long as any Notes remain outstanding,
the Company shall furnish to the Holders and to securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Section 4.03,
(a) the Company shall not be required to comply with the terms of this Section 4.03 with respect to any period ended prior to December 31, 2004, and (b) with respect to periods ended on or after December 31, 2004, and on or
prior to February 15, 2006, the Company shall not be required to comply with the terms of this Section 4.03 with respect to any such period until February 15, 2006. SECTION 3. MISCELLANEOUS. Section 3.1 New York Law to Govern. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL
GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. Section 3.2 Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Fifth
Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. Section 3.3 Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

Section 3.4 Trustee Disclaimer. The Trustee has accepted the amendment of the Indenture effected by this
Fifth Supplemental Indenture and agrees to execute the trust created by the Indenture as hereby amended, but only upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture, including the terms and provisions defining and limiting the liabilities and
responsibilities of the Trustee, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or with respect to any of the recitals or statements contained herein, all of which recitals or
statements are made solely by the Company, or for or with respect to (a) the validity or sufficiency of this Fifth Supplemental Indenture or any of the terms or provisions hereof, (b) the proper authorization hereof by the Company by
corporate action or otherwise, (c) the due execution hereof by the Company, (d) the consequences (direct or indirect and whether deliberate or inadvertent) of any amendment herein provided for, and the Trustee makes no representation with
respect to any such matters and (e) the validity or sufficiency of the solicitation or the consent solicitation materials or procedure in connection therewith. [Signatures on following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Fifth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed
and attested, all as of the date first written above. 

DRESSER, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

DRESSER INTERNATIONAL INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

DRESSER RE, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

DRESSER ENTECH, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

LVF HOLDING CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Fifth Supplemental Indenture 

DRESSER CHINA, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

RING-O VALVE, INCORPORATED 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

DRESSER RUSSIA , INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Fifth
Supplemental Indenture 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Fifth
Supplemental Indenture 

</EX-4.25>

<EX-10.6>
 4
 dex106.htm
 DRESSER 2003 INCENTIVE PLAN

DRESSER 2003 INCENTIVE PLAN 

Exhibit 10.6 DRESSER, INC. INCENTIVE PLAN (Restatement dated February 17,
2003) 

I. 
 PURPOSE The purpose of this Incentive Plan (this Plan of Dresser, Inc., a Delaware corporation Dresser or the Company ), is
to develop a total compensation strategy that will link all Dresser employees through a common set of Company and employee performance goals based on a common measure. This Plan is designed to enable the Company to work toward its goal
of being a high-growth/high-performance organization, where all employees contribute to earnings, and in turn, can earn incentive compensation as a result of achieving or exceeding established profitability targets. This is a restatement of the
Dresser, Inc. EBITDA Incentive Profit Sharing Plan. 

II. 
 ELIGIBILITY Any full-time and regularly scheduled part-time employee (i.e. those working 20 hours per week or more) Employee is immediately eligible for
participation in this Plan, except: 

A. 
 U.S.-based employees who are covered by a collective bargaining agreement and whose union has not been offered and agreed to participate in this Plan on a non-bargained 
basis; 

B. 
 non-U.S.-based employees who are covered by a collective bargaining agreement or other statutory scheme and whose union has not been offered and agreed to participate in this Plan;

C. 
 employees who are participating in another Company cash incentive program (i.e., a Sales Incentive Plan); and 

D. 
 temporary employees and independent contractors. 

III. 
 PARTICIPATION GRIDS An incentive potential range (expressed as a percentage of eligible pay) Range will be established for each Grid Group set forth below Grid Group ). Ranges are subject to change in accordance with the terms of this Plan. The Company will inform Employees of their specific Range and Grid Group at the time of their hire, promotion, or other eligibility event. 
 
 1 

Grid Group 1 Production, Maintenance, Clerical, Technical, Professional, and all other
Employees not in a higher Grid below. Grid Group 2 
 Managers and Directors who are direct reports to Business Unit Staff Level positions who have managerial responsibility over major functional areas and have professionals as direct reports. Grid Group 3 Business Unit Vice Presidents, Business Unit
Directors who report to a Business Unit President, and Corporate Directors. Grid Group 4 Senior Business Unit Vice-Presidents. Grid Group 5 Senior Corporate Management, Corporate Vice Presidents Business Unit Presidents 

IV. 
 PERFORMANCE MEASURES 

A. 
 COMPANY PROFITABILITY MEASURES : The profitability benchmarks that will be utilized are based on the concept and calculation method known as Earnings Before
Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBITDA and one or more related profitability measures (the Profitability Measures ). An explanation of the Profitability Measures will be provided to Employees.
 Although, payments under this Plan are made on
a sliding scale of attainment, there are three benchmark levels of profitability attainment based on the Profitability Measures Levels ): 

1) 
 Threshold For an incentive payout to occur, a measuring unit and/or business unit must exceed the Threshold attainment level. 

2) 
 Target This attainment level generally is aligned with the measuring unit and/or business unit s Business Plan level. 

3) 
 Challenge This attainment level yields the maximum payout under this Plan. The actual Profitability Measures necessary to achieve Threshold and Challenge Level payments under this Plan, relative to
the applicable Business Plan, will be established annually for each Plan Year and communicated to Employees. 

B. 
 PROFITABILITY ATTAINMENT WEIGHTING : Eighty percent (80 of an Employee s total payment under this Plan will be determined using predetermined Profitability Measures.
 
 2 

1) 
 Unless changed by the Committee, Employees participating in payout Grid Groups 1 and 2 will have 80 of any payment under this Plan calculated utilizing a predetermined weighting of
the Dresser, relevant business unit, and/or secondary measuring unit profitability. 

2) 
 Unless changed by the Committee, Employees participating in payout Grid Groups 3, 4 and 5 will have 80 of any payment under this Plan calculated utilizing a predetermined weighting
of Dresser and relevant business unit profitability. 

3) 
 Dresser Corporate Employees will have 100 of any payment under this Plan calculated based on Dresser profitability. A secondary measuring unit can be Dresser, a business unit, an individual
production facility, a product line, or other appropriate working unit, as determined by the Company and approved by the Committee. Unless changed by the Committee, Employees participating in Grid Groups 1 and 2 will have the Profitability Measures portion of a payment under this
Plan established and paid on a quarterly basis. Employees participating in payout Grid Groups 3, 4 and 5 will have the Profitability Measures portion of a payment under this Plan on an annual basis. 

C. 
 INDIVIDUAL PERFORMANCE WEIGHTING : Twenty percent (20 of the total incentive consists of an individual performance award Individual Performance Award component. The measure for earning this Individual Performance Award is the employee s overall rating as expressed in the employee s Dresser Performance Appraisal Appraisal ), completed within the last 12 months. Appraisals are
expressed in terms of Consistently Exceeded Expectations, Exceeded Expectations, Met Expectations, Met Most Expectations, and Did Not Meet Expectations or other five-point scale determined
by the Company. The following chart indicates
how the Individual Performance Award measure interacts with the Profitability Measures: 

Performance 
 
 Business Unit 

Secondary Measuring Unit 
 
 Did Not Meet Expectations 
 
 0 of BU award 
 
 + 
 
 0 of MU award 
 
 Met Most Expectations 
 
 12.5 of BU award 
 
 + 
 
 12.5 of MU EBITD award 
 
 Met Expectations 
 
 25 of BU award 
 
 + 
 
 25 of MU award 
 
 Exceeded Expectations 
 
 37.5 of BU award 
 
 + 
 
 37.5 of MU award 
 
 Consistently Exceeded Expectations 
 
 50 of BU award 
 
 + 
 
 50 of MU award 
 For Employees covered
by a Collective Bargaining Agreement, the Individual Performance Award component may be excluded from any payment calculation, or, at the Committee s sole discretion, may be 
 
 3 

included but calculated based on some other criteria such as a relevant production metric or team performance criteria (i.e., plant yield,
on-time performance etc.). 

V. 
 ADMINISTRATION 

A. 
 Plan Year : The plan year of this Plan is January 1 st to December 31 st (the Plan Year ). Results will be reported quarterly for purposes of
determining Grid Groups 1 and 2 payments (if necessary), and reported for the Company s fiscal year beginning January 1 st and ending December 31 st for all other purposes (the Measuring Period ).

B. 
 Eligible Earnings : Payments under this Plan are made based on a percentage of earnings for the relevant pay period. For the purposes of this Plan, eligible earnings will
include: base/regular pay, overtime pay, shift premium or differential pay, group/team leader pay, funeral leave pay, jury duty pay, paid time off , vacation pay, and holiday pay. Other types of pay such as special award(s) pay, other
incentive or profit share pay, tuition reimbursement, shoe allowance, relocation expense related monies, etc. are specifically excluded in the calculation of incentive payments Eligible Earnings ). 

C. 
 Measuring Units : Annual attainment of the established Profitability Measures will be based on Dresser, Inc., business unit and/or secondary measuring unit profitability in
relation to a pre-established and Company approved business plan Business Plan ). The relevant measuring units to be utilized will be established as soon as practicable for each Plan Year. 

D. 
 Plan Accruals : Each Business Unit Accounting Department is responsible for accruing sufficient funds on a monthly basis to assure adequate reserves are properly recorded for
potential payments under this Plan. 

E. 
 Plan Payouts/Distributions : Payments made to Employees under this Plan will be calculated and paid as soon as practicable after the end of each Measuring Period.
 Employees must be actively employed at the end
of the relevant Measuring Period in order to be considered eligible for a payment under this Plan. Terminated Employees or inactive Employees are not eligible for a payment under this Plan, except: 

1) 
 Employees who are terminated for reasons of retirement, death, or disability during the Measuring Period will receive a pro-rated payment based on their
Eligible Earnings paid prior to such termination. For Employees participating in a company defined benefit pension plan, the definition of retirement in the relevant 
 
 4 

plan will apply, otherwise retirement for purposes of this Plan means the termination of an Employee whose age and service, when added, equal to
at least 65. In the event of termination by reason of death, an Employee s payment under this Plan will be paid to the Employee s beneficiary as designated and recorded for the relevant Company sponsored retirement or pension plan.

2) 
 Employees who were terminated in a Reduction-In-Force due to business conditions or a Company divestiture prior to the end of the fiscal year will receive the Profitability
Measures component of the payment based upon Eligible Earnings for the Measuring Period not yet paid prior to such termination, but will not be eligible for the Individual Performance Award, except that employees who were terminated in a
Reduction-In-Force due to business conditions or a Company divestiture on or after October 31 st but before the end
of the annual Measuring Period (i.e., December 31 st will be eligible for the Individual Performance Award for the
year in which their reduction occurred. 

3) 
 Employees who are assigned to new positions dictating participation in different Grid Groups or different measuring units will receive pro-rated payment based on the Eligible
Earnings paid and their performance in each position/measuring unit. 

4) 
 Employees moving out of Plan eligibility but who remain employed will be eligible for a pro-rated payment based on Eligible Earnings paid while eligible under this Plan.

5) 
 A non-participant moving into Plan eligibility will be eligible for a payment based on their Eligible Earnings while eligible. 

F. 
 Individual Performance : The measuring period for determining an employee s Individual Performance Award is the 12-month period beginning on January 1 st and ending December 31 st of each year (i.e., Plan Year). The most recent Appraisal given to an employee during a Plan Year will be deemed to cover the Measuring Period. Employees earn the Individual Performance Award portion
of their incentive payment on an annual basis at the discretion of their immediate supervisor or appraising supervisor. An Employee s most recent Appraisal with a designated performance rating must be on file with the Company s Human
Resources Department for that Employee to qualify for an Individual Performance Award. 
 5 

V. 
 PLAN GOVERNANCE 

A. 
 Plan Administrator : This Plan shall be administered by either the Board of Directors of the Company or a committee designated by the Board of Directors (the
 Committee ). This includes, but is not limited to, final approval of Profitability Measures, measuring units utilized in calculating payments under this Plan, and all other aspects of design and measurement of this Plan. The Profitability
Measures and attainment criteria may be changed annually or at points within a Plan Year at the Committee s discretion. The Committee must approve any amendments to, and changes in measuring units, of this Plan. 

1) 
 Dresser, Inc., through action by the Committee, reserves the right to unilaterally revise, discontinue, or terminate this Plan, or any payments related thereto, at any time and for
any reason. 

2) 
 Business unit Presidents are responsible for proposing appropriate measuring units and or secondary measuring units within their business units for this Plan, all subject to
approval by the Committee. 

B. 
 Plan Interpretation : Any need for interpretation of the terms of this Plan will be determined by the Committee (or its designee), and whose decision on the issue will be
final and binding upon this Plan and Employees. 

C. 
 Governing Law : This Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding its conflicts of law provisions. 

VI. 
 CLAIMS APPEALS This Plan is meant to be a Non-qualified ERISA Plan subject to a claim and appeal process. 

A. 
 In any case in which a claim for Plan benefits are withheld or denied, the Committee shall furnish written notice to the affected employee within ninety days after receipt of a
claim for such benefits (or within 180 days if additional information by the Committee necessitates an extension of the ninety-day period, and the affected employee is informed of such extension in writing within the original ninety-day period).

B. 
 Employees who disagree with any action taken under this Plan may exercise their ERISA Appeals rights by writing the Committee at 15455 Dallas Parkway, Suite 1100, Addison, Texas
75001. 

C. 
 In the event a claim for Plan benefits is denied, the affected Employee must, within sixty days following receipt of the notice of such denial, submit a written
request for review by the Committee of its initial decision, with a 
 
 6 

complete statement of the grounds for such request. Within sixty days following such request for review, the Committee shall, after providing a full and fair
review, render its final decision in writing to the affected Employee, stating specific reasons for such decision and making specific references to Plan provisions. 

D. 
 If an Employee is not satisfied with the decision of the Committee pursuant to this Plan s claims review procedure, such Employee may, within sixty days of receipt of the
written decision of the Committee, request that his claim be submitted to arbitration pursuant to the Dresser Dispute Resolution Program. Such arbitration shall be the sole and exclusive procedure available to an employee for review of a decision of
the Committee. 

VII. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

A. 
 No Right to Company Employment : Nothing in this Plan or as a result of any payment under this Plan shall confer on any individual any right to continue in the employ of the
Company or interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate an individual s employment at any time. 

B. 
 Employee Taxes : The Company and any affiliate that is in existence or hereafter comes into existence shall not be liable to an Employee or other persons as to any tax
consequence to an Employee due to the issuance, exercise, settlement, cancellation or other transaction involving any payment under this Plan. 
 7 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 5
 dex107.htm
 AMENDED & RESTATED DRESSER, LTD. SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN

AMENDED RESTATED DRESSER, LTD. SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN 

Exhibit 10.7 AMENDED AND RESTATED DRESSER, LTD. SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN Section 1. Purpose of Plan. The purpose of this amended and restated Share Incentive Plan (this Plan of Dresser, Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company (the Company ), is to enable the Company and its subsidiaries to attract,
retain and motivate their respective employees, including employee-directors (each an Employee ), non-employee directors (each a Non-employee Director ), and independent contractors and consultants (each a
 Consultant by providing for or increasing the proprietary interests of such employees, directors, and independent contractors and consultants in the Company. This Plan shall be the successor to and continuation of the Dresser, Inc. 2001
Stock Incentive Plan (the Dresser, Inc. Plan with respect to those Participants (as defined below) who as of July 3, 2002 were participants of the Dresser, Inc. Plan. Section 2. Persons Eligible Under Plan. Any employee, director, independent contractor or consultant of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including an entity
that becomes a subsidiary after the adoption of this Plan) (each, a Participant shall be eligible to be considered for the grant of Awards (as defined in this Plan) under this Plan; provided, however, that Incentive Stock
Options (as defined herein) may only be granted to employees of the Company or any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code ), respectively. Section 3.
 Awards. (a) On behalf of the Company, the Committee
(as defined in this Plan) is hereby authorized to enter into any type of arrangement with a Participant that is not inconsistent with the provisions of this Plan and that, by its terms, involves or might involve the issuance of the Company s
Class B Common Shares, par value U.S. 0.01 per share (the Common Shares ), or is otherwise based on the performance of such Common Shares. The entering into of any such arrangement is referred to herein as the grant of an
 Award and the date of entering into such arrangement is referred to as the Date of Grant. (b) Awards are not restricted to any specified form or structure and may include, without limitation, sales or bonuses of shares, restricted shares, share
options, reload share options, share purchase warrants, other rights to acquire shares, securities convertible into or redeemable for shares, appreciation rights, limited share appreciation rights, phantom shares, dividend equivalents, performance
units or performance shares, and an Award may consist of one such security or benefit, or two or more of them in tandem or in the alternative. (c) Awards may be issued, and Common Shares may be issued pursuant to an Award, for any lawful consideration as determined by the Committee, including,
without limitation, services rendered by the recipient of such Award, provided that no Common Shares shall be issued for any consideration that is less than the par value of such Common Shares. (d) Any Award shall be granted subject to the terms, conditions and
restrictions contained in an agreement between the Participant and the Company. Subject to the provisions of this Plan, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine all of 

the terms and conditions of each Award granted under this Plan, which terms and conditions may include, among other things: (i) a provision permitting the recipient of such Award,
including any recipient who is a director or officer of the Company, to pay the purchase price of the Common Shares or other property issuable pursuant to such Award, and such recipient s tax withholding obligation, if any, with respect to such
issuance, in whole or in part, by any one or more of the following: (A) the delivery of cash; (B) the delivery of other property deemed acceptable by the Committee; (C) the delivery of shares of the Company, to the extent permitted by Section 42A of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (the
 Act (D) a reduction in the
amount of Common Shares or other property otherwise issuable pursuant to such Award, to the extent permitted by Section 42A of the Act or otherwise in accordance with the applicable law; (E) cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to the Participant; or (F) to the extent permitted by applicable law, the delivery
of a promissory note of the Participant. (Common Shares so paid for will not be fully paid until such promissory note is paid in full, in cash or by delivery of other property in satisfaction thereof.) (ii) a provision conditioning or accelerating the receipt of
benefits pursuant to such Award, either automatically or in the discretion of the Committee, upon the occurrence of specified events, including, without limitation, the achievement of performance goals, the exercise or settlement of a previous
Award, the satisfaction of an event or condition within the control of the recipient of the Award or within the control of others, a change in control of the Company (as defined by the Committee or as set forth in this Plan or in the agreement
evidencing the Award), an acquisition of a specified percentage of the voting power of the Company, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, a sale of substantially all of the property and assets of the Company or an event of the type
described in Section 7 hereof; (iii)
provisions specifying the exercise or settlement price for any Award, or specifying the method by which such price is determined and any provisions required in order for such Award to qualify (a) as an incentive stock option (an Incentive
Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code or (b) for an exemption from Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and provided further, that the exercise or settlement price for an Award to any person who
owns shares of the Company representing more than 10 of the total voting power of all classes of shares of the Company shall not be less than 110 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares on the date the Award is granted; (iv) provisions relating to the exercisability and/or
vesting of Awards, lapse and non-lapse restriction upon Common Shares obtained or obtainable under 
 
 2 

Awards and the termination, expiration, and/or forfeiture of Awards, including without limitation provisions permitting exercise of Awards before vesting,
subject to a repurchase right by the Company (as contemplated by paragraph (v) below), or other terms and conditions as the Committee may determine; (v) a right to repurchase the Common Shares acquired upon exercise of an Award if the Participant s employment or association with
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is terminated for any reason, or in other circumstances, at any the price as may be prescribed by the Committee, provided such price is not lower than that contained in the Award. Each certificate representing
Common Shares subject to such provisions shall bear a legend to the effect that such shares are subject to certain repurchase rights of the Company; provided, however, that the failure to include such a legend shall not affect the
exercisability of such repurchase right; or (vi) a provision that upon a termination of employment or other relationship, the Participant will not be entitled to, or will only have limited rights to, exercise any Awards or rights therein, whether vested or unvested, at any time after
such termination. (e) The agreement for any Award shall
provide that, upon acquisition of any Common Shares pursuant to any Award (whether upon exercise or conversion of options, warrants or other securities convertible into Common Shares or otherwise), any Participant who is an employee of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries shall become a party to the shareholder agreement, if any, between the Company and its shareholders as in effect at the time of such acquisition of Common Shares and may provide that any other Participant shall become a
party to such shareholder agreement. (f) All
 Awards (as defined in the Dresser, Inc. Plan) outstanding under the Dresser, Inc. Plan as of July 3, 2002 (the Dresser, Inc. Plan Awards shall thereupon be converted into Awards under the Plan, in accordance with
Section 7 of the Dresser, Inc. Plan. The Committee shall take any action to make appropriate and proportionate adjustments to the Dresser, Inc. Plan Awards, as determined necessary or appropriate by the Committee, provided that no such adjustments
shall be made to the extent prohibited by the terms of the Dresser, Inc. Plan or this Plan. Section 4. Shares Subject to Plan. (a) At any time, the aggregate number of Common Shares issued and issuable pursuant to all Awards (including all Incentive Stock Options) granted under this Plan shall not exceed nine hundred thousand (900,000)
shares, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 7 hereof. (b) Notwithstanding Section 4 (a) hereof, the aggregate number of Common Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options granted under this Plan shall not exceed eight hundred fifty thousand (850,000) shares,
subject to adjustment as provided in Section 7 hereof; provided, however, that adjustments pursuant to Section 7 hereof with respect to Incentive Stock Options issued or issuable under this Plan, shall be limited to those that will not
adversely affect the status of options as Incentive Stock Options, unless the Participant and the Company otherwise consent to such adjustment. (c) For purposes of Section 4(a) of this Plan, the aggregate number of Common Shares issued and issuable pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan shall
at any time be deemed to be equal to the sum of the following: (i) the number of Common Shares that were issued prior to such time pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan, other than Common Shares that were 
 
 3 

subsequently reacquired by the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions of such Awards and with respect to which the holder thereof received no benefits
of ownership such as dividends; plus (ii) the
maximum number of Common Shares that are or may be issuable at or after such time pursuant to outstanding Awards granted under this Plan prior to such time. Section 5. Duration of Plan. Any Awards granted under this Plan shall be granted within ten years from the Effective Date of this Plan (as provided in Section 9 hereof) (the
 Expiration Date ). Although Common Shares may be issued after the Expiration Date pursuant to Awards made prior to such date, no Common Shares shall be issued under this Plan after the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Expiration Date (the
 Termination Date ). Section 6. Administration
of Plan. (a) This Plan shall be administered by either
the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or a committee designated by the Board consisting of two or more directors. The body administering this Plan, whether the Board or a committee of the Board, is referred to herein as the
 Committee. If the Company becomes subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), then the Committee shall consist of two or more directors each of whom is a non-employee
director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Board shall have the discretion to appoint, add, remove or replace members of the Committee, and shall have the sole authority to fill vacancies on the
Committee. The full Board may take any action that, pursuant to the terms of this Plan, is reserved for the Committee, and any such action taken by the full Board shall have the same force and effect as if the Committee had taken such action.
 (b) Subject to the provisions of this Plan and applicable law,
the Committee shall be authorized and empowered to do all things necessary or desirable in connection with the administration of this Plan, including, without limitation, the following (in each case subject to the specific terms of any Award):
 (i) adopt, amend and rescind rules and
regulations relating to this Plan; (ii)
determine which persons qualify as Participants and to which of such Participants, if any, and when, Awards shall be granted hereunder; (iii) grant Awards to Participants and determine the terms and conditions thereof, including the number of Common Shares issuable pursuant
thereto and the circumstances under which Awards become exercisable or vested or are forfeited or expire, which terms may but need not be conditioned upon the passage of time, continued employment, the satisfaction of performance criteria, the
occurrence of certain events (including events which the Committee determines constitute a change in control), or other factors; (iv) accelerate the exercisability of an Award or extend the period during which an owner of an Award may exercise his or her rights under
such Award (but not beyond the Termination Date); 
 4 

(v) determine whether, and the extent to which, adjustments are required pursuant to
Section 7 hereof; (vi) interpret and construe
this Plan and the terms and conditions of any Award granted this Plan; and (vii) determine the terms and conditions of options issued to a Non-Employee Director. (c) All decisions, determinations, and interpretations of the Committee shall be final and conclusive upon any Participant to whom the Award has been
granted and to any other person holding an Award. (d) The
Committee may, in the terms of the Award or otherwise, temporarily suspend the exercisability of an Award and/or the issuance of Common Shares under an Award, and/or the sale or other disposition of Common Shares acquired pursuant to an Award, if
the Committee determines that securities law, applicable Bermuda law or other considerations so warrant. Section 7. Adjustments. If the outstanding Common Shares are increased, decreased or exchanged for or converted into cash, property or a different number or kind of securities,
or if cash, property or securities are distributed in respect of such outstanding securities, in either case as a result of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, amalgamation, recapitalization, restructuring, reclassification, dividend (other
than a regular, quarterly cash dividend), bonus issue or other distribution, share split, reverse share split, share subdivision, consolidation and division, or the like, then, unless the terms of such transaction or this Plan shall provide
otherwise, the Committee shall make appropriate and proportionate adjustments in (a) the number, exercise or settlement price and type of shares or other securities or cash or other property, as applicable, that may be acquired pursuant to Incentive
Stock Options and other Awards theretofore granted under this Plan; and (b) the maximum number and type of shares or other securities that may be issued pursuant to Incentive Stock Options and other Awards thereafter granted under this Plan;
 provided, however, that no adjustment shall be made to the number of Common Shares that may be acquired pursuant to outstanding Incentive Stock Options or the maximum number of Common Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock
Options may be granted under this Plan to the extent such adjustment would result in such options being treated as other than Incentive Stock Options unless the Company and the Participant both consent to such adjustment; and provided 
further, that absent the affirmative consent of the Committee, no such adjustment shall be made to the extent the Committee determines that such adjustment would result in the disallowance of a federal income tax deduction for compensation
attributable to such Option by causing such compensation to be other than performance-based compensation for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code. Any adjustment pursuant to this Section 7 shall be final and binding on the Company and all
Participants. Section 8. Amendment and Termination of
Plan. The Committee may amend or terminate this Plan
or any agreement evidencing an Award under this Plan at any time and in any manner, subject to the following limitations: (a) No such amendment or termination shall deprive the recipient of any Award theretofore granted under this Plan, without the consent of such recipient,
of any of his or her 
 
 5 

material rights thereunder or with respect thereto, provided that no such consent shall be required if the Committee determines in its sole discretion and
prior to the date of a Change in Control (as defined in Section 12 hereof) that such amendment or alteration is not reasonably likely to significantly diminish the benefits provided under such Award, or that any such diminution has been adequately
compensated; and (b) If an amendment to this Plan would (i)
increase the maximum number of Common Shares that may be issued pursuant to (A) all Awards granted under this Plan or (B) all Incentive Stock Options granted under this Plan, (ii) change the class of persons eligible to receive Awards under this
Plan, or (iii) affect this Plan s compliance with applicable provisions of the Code, as amended from time to time, the amendment shall be subject to approval by the Company s shareholders to the extent required to comply with Section 422
of the Code and other applicable provisions of or rules under the Code, as amended from time to time. Section 9. Effective Date of Plan. This Plan shall be effective as of July 3, 2002, the date effective upon which it was approved by the Board; provided, however, that no
Common Shares may be issued under this Plan until it has been approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, which approval shall be obtained within twelve (12) months after the date
hereof. Section 10. Definition of Fair Market Value. 
 For purposes of this Plan, Fair Market Value 
shall mean the fair market value of the applicable class of Common Shares; provided, that for any Award containing a similar definition, the definition contained in the Award shall control. If the applicable class of Common Shares is not publicly
traded, fair market value shall be determined by the Committee and may be computed by any method that the Committee in good faith believes will reflect the fair market value of the Common Shares on the date of such determination. If the applicable
class of Common Shares is publicly traded, fair market value shall be the closing sale price per share of the applicable class of Common Shares, if the applicable class of Common Shares is listed on a national securities exchange, or if the
applicable class of Common Shares is not then so listed, the closing bid price per share of the applicable class of Common Shares, on the day in question (or, if such day is not a trading day or if no sales of the applicable class of Common Shares
were made on such day, on the nearest preceding trading day on which sales of the applicable class of Common Shares were made), as reported in The Wall Street Journal, or, if trading in the applicable class of Common Shares is not then
reported in The Wall Street Journal, at such closing sale or bid price as may then appear in what the Committee in its judgment then deems to be the most nearly comparable listing or reporting service. Section 11. Non-Employee Director Options. (a) The Committee is authorized under this Plan to grant Non-Employee
Directors options (each a Non-Employee Director Option to purchase up to an aggregate of fifty thousand (50,000) shares, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 7 hereof. (b) Subject to the terms of any Award, each Non-Employee Director Option
granted under this Plan shall expire upon the first to occur of the following: (i) Twenty-four (24) months after the date upon which the optionee shall cease to be a director of the Company; or 
 6 

(ii) The tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant of such Non-Employee Director
Option. (c) Each Non-Employee Director Option shall have an
exercise price equal to the greater of (i) the aggregate fair market value on the date of grant of such option of the applicable class of Common Shares subject thereto or (ii) the aggregate par value of the applicable class of such Common Shares on
such date. (d) Subject to the terms of any Award, all
outstanding Non-Employee Director Options theretofore granted under this Plan shall become fully exercisable upon the first to occur of the following: (i) the date of shareholder approval of a reorganization, amalgamation, merger or consolidation of the Company as a result of which the
outstanding securities of the class or classes then subject to this Plan are exchanged for or converted into cash, property and/or securities not issued by the Company or by a company whose common equity holders immediately after such transaction
consist only of persons who are holders of the common equity of the Company immediately before such transaction; (ii) the first date upon which the directors of the Company who were nominated by the Board for election as directors shall cease to
constitute a majority of the authorized number of directors of the Company; (iii) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company; or (iv) the sale of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company. (e) In lieu of any Non-Employee Director Option, the Committee may grant to
Non-Employee Directors offers to purchase Common Shares immediately, or may make grants of Common Shares, to such non-employee directors in exchange for their service on the Board of Directors of the Company. Section 12. Change in Control. (a) The Committee shall establish the terms and conditions applicable to each
option or other Award in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in Section 12(i) hereof). Such terms and conditions may differ among Participants and among different types of Awards, all as the Committee determines in its sole and absolute
discretion. (b) In the case of any Common Shares to be
acquired upon the exercise of an unvested option, the terms and conditions applicable to any such shares in the event of a Change in Control shall correspond, in the manner determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, to the terms and
conditions that apply to the underlying option in the event of a Change in Control. (c) Immediately following the consummation of the Change in Control, all outstanding options and other Awards shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor entity (or
parent thereof), or, in the case of a transaction in which the Company is not merged into another entity and does not become a subsidiary of another entity, the option remains outstanding following the Change in Control pursuant to affirmative
language to 
 
 7 

this effect in the Award (in which case the option will be so converted or remain outstanding, as applicable). (d) The Committee may make such modifications to the provisions in this
Sections 12 as it deems appropriate in any agreement evidencing an Award. (e) In addition to and not by way of limitation of the Committee s discretion, the Committee shall have the discretion, exercisable either at the time an Award is granted or at any time while the Award remains
outstanding, to structure or change one or more Awards so that those Awards shall automatically accelerate and vest in full or in part (and any repurchase rights of the Company with respect to Common Shares shall immediately terminate in full or in
part) upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, whether or not those Awards are to be assumed in the Change in Control. (f) In addition to and not by way of limitation of the Committee s discretion, the Committee shall also have the discretion, exercisable either at
the time the Award is granted or any time while the Award remains outstanding, to structure or change such Award so that the shares subject to that Award will automatically vest on an accelerated basis (and any repurchase rights of the Company with
respect to Common Shares shall automatically lapse on an accelerated basis) by reason of a termination, other than for Cause within a designated period following the effective date of any Change in Control in which the Award is assumed. Any Award so
accelerated shall remain exercisable for the fully-vested Common Shares until the expiration or sooner termination of the Award s term. (g) The portion of any Incentive Stock Option accelerated in connection with a Change in Control shall remain exercisable as an Incentive Stock Option
only to the extent the applicable 100,000 limitation in Section 422(d) of the Code is not exceeded. To the extent such dollar limitation is exceeded, the accelerated portion of such option shall be exercisable as a nonqualified option. 
 (h) The grant of Awards under this Plan shall in no way affect the right
of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, amalgamate, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. (i) For purposes of this Plan, (subject to any definition contained in Awards
granted under this Plan), the term Change in Control shall mean (i) any merger or amalgamation of the Company with or into another person or entity as a result of which the holders of the Company s then outstanding voting shares
immediately prior to such transaction own, immediately after such transaction, voting shares of the survivor of such merger or amalgamation (whether the Company or such other entity) or the parent entity of such survivor constituting less than fifty
percent (50 of the voting power of such survivor, (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to any other person or entity (other than a subsidiary of the Company), (iii) any other transaction or series of related
transactions (other than as the result of the issuance of newly issued shares or other securities by the Company in circumstances to which clause (i) of this sentence does not apply) in which the holders of the Company s outstanding voting
shares immediately prior to such transaction own, immediately after such transaction, voting shares of the Company constituting less than fifty percent (50 of the voting power of the Company, (iv) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, (v)
a contested election of directors, as a result of which or in connection with which the persons who 
 
 8 

were directors of the Company before such election or their nominees cease to constitute a majority of the Board, or (vi) any other event specified by the
Committee, regardless of whether at the time an Award is granted or thereafter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Change of Control shall not include any transaction if as a result of such transaction either First Reserve Corporation
(including the investment limited partnerships it manages) or Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC, or both, either (y) together hold directly or indirectly a greater percentage of the outstanding voting securities of the Company than any other
shareholder, and retain direct or indirect control of more than 35 of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, or (z) has the ability to appoint more than 50 of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company. Section 13. Compliance with Other Laws and Regulations. 
 This Plan, the grant and exercise of Awards thereunder,
and the obligation of the Company to sell and deliver shares under such Awards, shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations of the United States and Bermuda Law and to such approvals by any governmental or
regulatory agency as may be required. The Company shall not be required to issue, or deliver any certificates for, Common Shares prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the Shares under any federal or state law of the United
States and Bermuda Law or issuance of any ruling or regulation of any government body which the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable. Section 14. No Right to Company Employment. Nothing in this Plan or as a result of any Award granted pursuant to this Plan shall confer on any individual any right to
continue in the employ of the Company or interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate an individual s employment at any time. The agreement evidencing an Award may contain such provisions as the Committee may approve with
respect to the effect of approved leaves of absence. Section 15. Liability of Company. The
Company and any affiliate that is in existence or hereafter comes into existence shall not be liable to a Participant or other persons as to: (a) The non-issuance or sale of Common Shares as to which the Company has been unable to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority
deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of any Common Shares hereunder; and (b) Any tax consequence to a Participant due to the issuance, exercise, settlement, cancellation or other transaction involving any Award granted
hereunder. 
 9 

Section 16. Non-Transferability of Award. Awards granted under this Plan may not be transferred in any manner otherwise
than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of a Participant only by him or her. The terms of Awards granted pursuant to any Participant shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs,
successors and assigns of such Participant. Section 17.
 Governing Law This Plan and any Awards and
agreements hereunder shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York, without giving effect to the choice of laws principles thereunder. 
 10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and as conclusive evidence of the adoption of the foregoing by the Board, Dresser, Ltd. has
caused this plan to be duly executed in its name and behalf by its proper officers thereunto duly authorized as of the 27 th day of August, 2004. 

By: 

Mark J. Scott Vice President of Human
Resources 

11 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.13>
 6
 dex1013.htm
 SUPPLEMENTAL PLAN FOR DRESSER, INC.

Supplemental Plan for Dresser, Inc. 

Exhibit 10.13 SUPPLEMENTAL PLAN FOR DRESSER, INC. Effective April 10, 2001 

SUPPLEMENTAL PLAN FOR DRESSER, INC. WHEREAS , the Company entered into the Agreement and Plan of Recapitalization, among Halliburton Company, Dresser
B.V., and DEG Acquisitions, LLC, dated January 30, 2001, including any amendments to such agreement, as executed in final form on April 10, 2001 (the Agreement WHEREAS, pursuant to the Agreement, the Company assumed liabilities under the nonqualified deferred compensation plan
known as the Halliburton Company Senior Executives Deferred Compensation Plan, which in part restored benefits to employees lost under the Halliburton Retirement and Savings Plan from application of the compensation limit in Code section
401(a)(17) (the Prior Supplemental Plan WHEREAS, the Company wishes to establish a nonqualified deferred compensation Program to reflect such assumed liabilities of the Prior Supplemental Plan, provide continued earnings, and make payment of the liabilities, to the extent
required under the Agreement; WHEREAS, pursuant to the
Agreement, the Company established a tax-qualified defined contribution plan including a qualified cash or deferred arrangement entitled the Dresser, Inc. Retirement and Savings Plan (the DC Plan and WHEREAS , the Company wishes to establish a plan document to cover any
number of different benefit Programs, set forth in the Appendices which describe the eligibility conditions and the amount of benefits payable under the Programs, including a Program to restore to employees of the Company benefits they lose under
the DC Plan as a result of: (i) the compensation limit in Code section 401(a)(17) and (ii) any matching contributions that the Company would have made under the DC Plan on employee contributions that could not be made to the DC Plan as a
result of this limit; NOW, THEREFORE, the Company
hereby adopts the Plan by statement, effective April 10, 2001, to read as follows: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE 

PAGE 
 
 ARTICLE 1 
 
 Definitions 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.1 
 
 Accrued Benefit 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.2 
 
 Act 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.3 
 
 Agreement 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.4 
 
 Board 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.5 
 
 Code 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.6 
 
 Committee 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.7 
 
 Company 
 
 1 
 
 Section 1.8 
 
 DC Account 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.9 
 
 DC Plan 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.10 
 
 Effective Date 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.11 
 
 Employee 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.12 
 
 ERISA 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.13 
 
 Participant 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.14 
 
 Pension Equalizer Contributions 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.15 
 
 Plan 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.16 
 
 Plan Year 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.17 
 
 Prior Supplemental Plan 
 
 2 
 
 Section 1.18 
 
 Program 
 
 3 
 
 Section 1.19 
 
 Vesting Service 
 
 3 

ARTICLE 2 
 
 Purpose of Plan 
 
 4 
 
 Section 2.1 
 
 Purpose 
 
 4 

ARTICLE 3 
 
 Vesting and Forfeiture 
 
 5 
 
 Section 3.1 
 
 Vesting 
 
 5 
 
 Section 3.2 
 
 Terminations for Cause 
 
 5 

ARTICLE 4 
 
 Administration 
 
 6 
 
 Section 4.1 
 
 Duties of Committee 
 
 6 
 
 Section 4.2 
 
 Construction 
 
 6 
 
 Section 4.3 
 
 Consequence of Committee Actions 
 
 6 

ARTICLE 5 
 
 Claims and Appeal Procedures 
 
 7 
 
 Section 5.1 
 
 Claims Review 
 
 7 
 
 Section 5.2 
 
 Appeals Review 
 
 7 
 
 Section 5.3 
 
 Mandatory Arbitration 
 
 8 
 
 -i- 

ARTICLE 6 
 
 Amendment and Termination 
 
 9 
 
 Section 6.1 
 
 Power to Amend or Terminate 
 
 9 
 
 Section 6.2 
 
 No Reduction in Accrued Benefits 
 
 9 

ARTICLE 7 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 10 
 
 Section 7.1 
 
 No Employment Rights 
 
 10 
 
 Section 7.2 
 
 Assignment of Benefits 
 
 10 
 
 Section 7.3 
 
 Nonduplication of Benefits 
 
 10 
 
 Section 7.4 
 
 Funding 
 
 11 
 
 Section 7.5 
 
 Law Applicable 
 
 11 
 
 Section 7.6 
 
 Actions by Committee 
 
 11 
 
 Section 7.7 
 
 Plan Representatives 
 
 12 
 
 Section 7.8 
 
 Number and Gender 
 
 12 
 
 Section 7.9 
 
 Headings 
 
 12 

APPENDIX A 
 
 ERISA Supplemental Program 
 
 13 
 
 Section A.1 
 
 Purpose 
 
 13 
 
 Section A.2 
 
 Eligibility 
 
 13 
 
 Section A.3 
 
 Amount of Benefit 
 
 13 
 
 Section A.4 
 
 Crediting of DC Account 
 
 14 
 
 Section A.5 
 
 Earnings on DC Account 
 
 15 
 
 Section A.6 
 
 Earnings on DC Account 
 
 15 
 
 Section A.7 
 
 Form of Benefit 
 
 16 
 
 Section A.8 
 
 Interest on Installment Payments 
 
 16 
 
 Section A.9 
 
 Death Before All Payments Made 
 
 17 
 
 Section A.10 
 
 Time of Benefit Payments 
 
 17 
 
 Section A.11 
 
 Plan Termination 
 
 18 
 
 Section A.12 
 
 DC Plan Benefits 
 
 18 

APPENDIX B 
 
 Grandfathered Halliburton Benefits 
 
 19 
 
 Section B.1 
 
 Purpose 
 
 19 
 
 Section B.2 
 
 No Double Participation 
 
 19 
 
 Section B.3 
 
 Eligibility 
 
 19 
 
 Section B.4 
 
 Prior Plan Provisions 
 
 20 
 
 -ii- 

ARTICLE I 
 Definitions The following terms when used and capitalized in the Plan shall have the following meanings: Section 1.1 . Accrued Benefit . The benefit to which a Participant is entitled at a particular time
pursuant to one or more of the Appendices of the Plan. Section 1.2 . Act . The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Section 1.3 . Agreement . Agreement and Plan of Recapitalization, among Halliburton Company, Dresser B.V., and DEG Acquisitions, LLC,
dated January 30, 2001, including any amendments to such agreement, as executed in final form on April 10, 2001. Section 1.4 . Board . The Board of Directors of Dresser, Inc. Section 1.5 . Code . The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Section 1.6 . Committee . The Dresser, Inc. Benefits
Committee. Section 1.7 . Company . Dresser,
Inc. and any other entity related to Dresser, Inc. under the rules of section 414 of the Code. This includes Dresser, Inc. and its 80 -owned subsidiaries and may include other entities as well. 

Section 1.8 . DC Account . A bookkeeping account established and maintained by the
Company for each Participant to which amounts are credited pursuant to Appendix A. Section 1.9 . DC Plan . The Dresser, Inc. Retirement and Savings Plan, effective April 10, 2001. Section 1.10 . Effective Date . April 10, 2001. Section 1.11 . Employee . An individual who is reported on the payroll records of the Company as a common
law employee. In particular, it is expressly intended that individuals not treated as common law employees by the Company on its payroll records are to be excluded from Plan participation even if a court or administrative agency determines that such
individuals are common law employees and not independent contractors. Section 1.12 . ERISA Supplemental Program . The Program described in Appendix A. Section 1.13 . Participant . An individual who has an Accrued Benefit under the Plan. Section 1.14 . Pension Equalizer Contributions . Pension
Equalizer Contributions, as defined in the DC Plan. Section 1.15 . Plan . The Supplemental Plan for Dresser, Inc., as set forth herein. Section 1.16 . Plan Year . The calendar year. Section 1.17 . Prior Supplemental Plan . The Halliburton Company Senior Executives Deferred Compensation Plan, as maintained by
Halliburton Company in effect immediately 
 
 -2- 

before the Effective Date, to the extent such plan restored benefits to employees lost under the Halliburton Retirement and Savings Plan from application of
the compensation limit in Code section 401(a)(17). Section 1.18 . Program . One of the eligibility and benefit structures described in the Appendices. Section 1.19 . Vesting Service . Service used under the DC Plan to determine whether a participant is vested in his or her employer
matching contributions. 
 -3- 

ARTICLE 2 
 Purpose of Plan Section 2.1 . Purpose . The purpose of the Plan is to provide one or more different benefit Programs which are set forth in the
Appendices. The Appendices describe the eligibility conditions and the amount of benefits payable under the Programs. 
 -4- 

ARTICLE 3 
 Vesting and Forfeiture Section 3.1 . Vesting . No person shall have or vest in any benefits under the Plan prior to the time such person accrues one year of
Vesting Service under the DC Plan. Section 3.2 .
 Terminations For Cause . No person (nor the spouse of such person) whose employment is terminated for cause as determined by the Committee, shall vest in any benefits under the Plan, and shall be divested if previously vested. 
 -5- 

ARTICLE 4 
 Administration Section 4.1 . Duties of Committee . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee in accordance with its terms and purposes. The
Committee shall interpret the provisions of the Plan and determine the amount and manner of payment of the benefits due to or on behalf of each Participant from the Plan and shall cause them to be paid accordingly. Section 4.2 . Construction . The Company shall have full
discretionary authority to determine eligibility and to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan, including the power to remedy possible ambiguities, inconsistencies or omissions. Section 4.3 . Consequence of Committee Actions . The decisions made and the actions taken by the Committee
in the administration of the Plan shall be final and conclusive on all persons, and the members of the Committee shall not be subject to individual liability with respect to the Plan. 
 -6- 

ARTICLE 5 
 Claims and Appeal Procedures Section 5.1 . Claims Review . In any case in which a claim for Plan benefits of a Participant or beneficiary is denied or modified, the
Committee shall furnish written notice to the claimant within ninety days after receipt of such claim for Plan benefits (or within 180 days if additional information requested by the Committee necessitates an extension of the ninety-day period, and
the claimant is informed of such extension in writing within the original ninety-day period), which notice shall: (a) State the specific reason or reasons for the denial or modification; (b) Provide specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial or modification is based;
 (c) Provide a description of any additional
material or information necessary for the Participant, his beneficiary, or representative to perfect the claim, and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and (d) Explain the Plan s claim review procedure described below. Section 5.2 . Appeals Review . In the event a claim for Plan
benefits is denied or modified, if the Participant, his beneficiary, or a representative of such Participant or beneficiary desires to have such denial or modification reviewed, he must, within sixty days following receipt of the notice of such
denial or modification, submit a written request for review by the Committee of its initial decision. (a) In connection with such request, the Participant, his beneficiary, or the representative of such Participant or beneficiary may review
any pertinent documents upon which such denial or modification was based and may submit issues and comments in writing. 
 -7- 

(b) Within sixty days following such request for review the Committee shall, after
providing a full review, render its final decision in writing to the Participant, his beneficiary or the representative of such Participant or beneficiary stating specific reasons for such decision and making specific references to pertinent Plan
provisions on which the decision is based. (c) If special circumstances require an extension of such sixty-day period, the Committee s decision shall be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than 120 days after receipt of the request for review. If an extension of time
for review is required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Participant, beneficiary, or the representative of such Participant or beneficiary prior to the commencement of the extension period. Section 5.3 . Mandatory Arbitration . If a Participant or
beneficiary is not satisfied with the decision of the Committee pursuant to the Plan s claims review procedure, such Participant or beneficiary may, within sixty days of receipt of the written decision of the Committee, request by written
notice to the Committee, that his claim be submitted to arbitration pursuant to the Dresser Dispute Resolution Program and any other applicable rules adopted by the Committee. (a) Such arbitration shall be the sole and exclusive procedure available to a Participant or beneficiary for
review of a decision of the Committee. (b) In
reviewing the decision of the Committee, the arbitrator shall use the standard of review which would be used by a federal court in reviewing such decision under the provisions of the Act. (c) The cost of such arbitration shall be allocated in
accordance with the Dresser Dispute Resolution Program or other applicable rules adopted by the Committee. (d) The arbitrator s decision shall be final and legally binding on both parties. (e) This Section shall be governed by the provisions of the
Federal Arbitration Act. 
 -8- 

ARTICLE 6 
 Amendment and Termination Section 6.1 . Power to Amend or Terminate . The Company may, in its sole discretion, by written resolution adopted by the chief executive
officer, the Board or its delegate, terminate, suspend or amend this Plan at any time or from time to time, in whole or in part. Section 6.2 . No Reduction in Accrued Benefits . Except as provided in Section 7.4, no amendment, suspension or termination of the
Plan may, without the consent of a Participant, adversely affect the Participant s right (or the right of the third-party beneficiary) to receive benefits in accordance with this Plan as in effect on the date the employee becomes a Participant.
The rights of third-party beneficiaries claiming benefits under the Plan with respect to a Participant will be preserved and limited in the same fashion as a Participant s benefits. 
 -9- 

ARTICLE 7 
 Miscellaneous Section 7.1 . No Employment Rights . Nothing contained in the Plan shall be construed as a contract of employment between the Company or
any subsidiary or related company and any Participant, or as a right of any Participant to be continued in the employment of the Company, or as a limitation of the right of the Company to discharge any of its employees with or without cause.
 Section 7.2 . Assignment of Benefits . A
Participant, surviving spouse or beneficiary may not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, assign, anticipate, alienate, commute, sell, transfer, pledge or encumber any benefits to which he or she is or may become entitled under the Plan, nor may
Plan benefits be subject to attachment or garnishment by any of their creditors or to legal process. Section 7.3 . Nonduplication of Benefits . This Section applies if, despite Section 7.2, with respect to any Participant (or his or
her beneficiaries), the Company is required to make payments under this Plan to a person or entity other than the payees described in the Plan. (a) For example, the Committee shall comply with the terms and provisions of an order that satisfies the requirements for a
 qualified domestic relations order as such term is defined in section 206(d)(3)(B) of the Act, including an order that requires distributions to an alternate payee prior to a Participant s earliest retirement age as such
term is defined in section 206(d)(3)(E)(ii) of the Act. (b) In any such case, any amounts due the Participant (or his or her beneficiaries) under this Plan will be reduced by the actuarial value of the payments required to be made to such other person or entity. In
dividing a Participant s benefit between the 
 
 -10- 

Participant and another person or entity, consistent actuarial assumptions and methodologies will be used so that there is no increased actuarial cost to the
Company. Section 7.4 . Funding . Participants
have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Company. The Plan constitutes a mere promise by the Company to pay benefits in the future. (a) The Company may, but need not, fund benefits under the Plan through a trust. If it does so, any trust created by the Company and any
assets held by the trust to assist it in meeting its obligations under the Plan will conform to the terms of the model trust, as described in Internal Revenue Service Revenue Procedure 92-64, but only to the extent required by Internal Revenue
Service Revenue Procedure 92-65, or any successor guidance. It is the intention of the Company and Participants that the Plan be unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of the Act. (b) Any funding of benefits under this Plan will be in the
Company s sole discretion. The Company may set and amend the terms under which it will fund and may cease to fund at any time. (c) To the extent the Company gives Participants and beneficiaries enforceable rights to funding, those rights must be determined under
the terms of other documents. No such rights exist under this Plan document and the restrictions on amendments in this Plan document will in no case apply to restrict the Company s right to cease or alter the terms of any funding. 
 Section 7.5 . Law Applicable . The Plan shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Texas, except to the extent preempted by federal law. Section 7.6 . Actions By Company . Any powers exercisable by the Company under the Plan shall be utilized by written resolution adopted by the Board or its delegate. The 
 
 -11- 

Board may by written resolution delegate any of the Company s powers under the Plan and any such delegations may provide for subdelegations, also by
written resolution. Section 7.7 . Plan
Representatives . Those authorized to act as Plan representatives will be designated in writing by the chief executive officer, the Board or its delegate. Section 7.8 . Number and Gender . Wherever appropriate herein, words used in the singular shall be considered to include the plural and
words used in the plural shall be considered to include the singular. The masculine gender, where appearing in the Plan, shall be deemed to include the feminine gender. Section 7.9 . Headings . The headings of Articles and Sections herein are included solely for convenience,
and if there is any conflict between such headings and the text of the Plan, the text shall control. 

DRESSER, INC. 

By: 

Title: 

-12- 

Appendix A 
 ERISA Supplemental Program 

A.1 
 Purpose . The purpose of this Program is simply to restore to employees of the Company benefits they lose under the DC Plan as a result of: (i) the compensation limit in
Code section 401(a)(17) and (ii) any matching contributions that the Company would have made under the DC Plan on employee contributions that could not be made to the DC Plan as a result of this limit. 

A.2 
 Eligibility . An employee of the Company is eligible to receive a benefit under this Program if he or she: 

(a) 
 terminates employment with the Company on or after April 10, 2001; 

(b) 
 has vested in benefits under the DC Plan which are reduced because of the application of section 401(a)(17); and 

(c) 
 is not eligible to receive a benefit under any other plan or program which bars the employee from participation in this Program. 

A.3 
 Amount of Benefit . The benefit payable under this Program with respect to a Participant will equal the balance of his or her DC Account. A Participant s DC Account will
consist of: 

(a) 
 contributions, credited under the rules in Section A.4, that the Participant would have been permitted to make to the DC Plan (if any) but for the operation of section 401(a)(17),
 
 -13- 

(b) 
 matching contributions, credited under the rules in Section A.5, made by the Company, plus 

(c) 
 earnings, credited under the rules in Section A.6. No amounts will be credited to a Participant s DC Account for employer matching contributions (if any) that would have been made on
Participant s contributions described in (a) that were not made to the DC Plan. Similarly, no amounts will be credited with respect to contributions returned to a Participant from the DC Plan as a result of the application of qualification
limits of the Code. Benefits under this Program will only be
paid to supplement benefit payments actually made from the DC Plan. If benefits are not payable under the DC Plan because the Participant has failed to vest or for any other reason, no payments will be made under this Program. 

A.4 
 Crediting of DC Account . Amounts generally will be credited to a Participant s DC Account as of the day that such amount would have been credited as a contribution to
the Participant s DC Plan account for such Plan Year but for the operation of section 401(a)(17). In the case of Plan benefits arising from reduced Pension Equalizer Contributions, the Company will credit the DC Account as of the last day of each Plan
Year amounts by which the Participant s Pension Equalizer 
 
 -14- 

Contributions were reduced for such Plan Year because of the operation of section 401(a)(17). 

A.5 
 Matching Credits . The Company will credit the DC Account of a Participant with an amount equal to the same percentage of the Participant s contributions under Section
A.4 as the Company would have contributed as matching contributions to the DC Plan had the Participant s contributions described in Section A.4 been contributed to the DC Plan. 

A.6 
 Earnings on DC Account . A Participant s DC Account also will be credited with earnings monthly as of the last business day of each calendar month. The amount credited
will equal the product of (a) and (b), as follows: 

(a) 
 weighted average balance of such Account (as determined by the Committee) during the calendar month ending on the crediting date, and 

(b) 
 A Participant s DC Account also will be credited with earnings monthly as of the last business day of each calendar month. The amount credited will equal the product of
(1) and (2), as follows; 

(1) 
 weighted average balance of such Account (as determined by the Committee) during the month ending on the crediting date, 

(2) 
 a percentage amount equal to 2 , plus the annual yield on the DJ 20 Bond index for the first business day of the calendar quarter containing the crediting date,
published on page C-1 of 
 
 -15- 

The Wall Street Journal, and reduced to a monthly factor as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. Distributions under Section A.7 shall be based on the valuation of the
Participant s DC Account as of the most recent monthly valuation date set forth in Section A.6 that precedes such distribution. If the Committee elects payment in the form of installments, the annual interest for each Plan Year shall be paid
once installment payments commence as set forth in Section A.7. 

A.7 
 Form of Benefit . A Participant s DC Account shall be paid to the Participant in one of the following alternative forms as selected by the Committee in its sole
discretion: 

(a) 
 A single lump sum payment; 

(b) 
 Payment in two equal annual installments; or 

(c) 
 Payment in monthly installments over a period not to exceed ten years. However, the Committee will only select a single lump sum payment if either (i) the total amount credited to a Participant s DC Account is less
than 50,000 or (ii) a single lump sum payment is the only form of benefit payment offered under the DC Plan. 

A.8 
 Interest on Installment Payments . Interest on installment payments may be paid, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, either at the end of
each Plan Year or as a part of level payments computed by the Committee 
 
 -16- 

through the use of such tables as the Committee shall select from time to time for such purpose. 

A.9 
 Death Before All Payments Made . If a Participant dies before all amounts payable to him from his DC Account have been paid to him, any remaining amounts payable to the
Participant hereunder shall be payable to the beneficiary designated to receive any company-provided group term life insurance with respect to the Participant, or in case there is no such group term life benefit, to the estate of the Participant.
Payments shall be made in a lump sum or in such other form of payment consistent with the alternative methods of payment set forth above as the Committee shall determine after considering such facts and circumstances relating to the Participant and
his beneficiary or estate as the Committee deems pertinent. 

A.10 
 Time of Benefit Payments . Amounts due under the Plan shall be paid at such time (or times) following the Participant s termination of employment or death as the
Committee in its discretion determines. 

(a) 
 This rule applies even if benefits already have commenced under the DC Plan (for instance, in-service distributions are made to Participants over age 59 1 / 2 ). 

(b) 
 Termination of employment means complete termination of employment with the Company. If a Participant leaves one affiliated entity of the Company to go to work for another, he or
she will not have a termination of employment. 
 -17- 

A.11 
 Plan Termination . No further benefits may be earned under this Program with respect to the DC Plan after the termination of such plan. 

A.12 
 DC Plan Benefits . For purposes of this Appendix, the term DC Plan Benefits generally means the benefits actually payable to a Participant, or his or her estate or
beneficiary under the DC Plan. However, this Program is only intended to remedy reductions caused by the operation of section 401(a)(17) (and corresponding employer matching contributions that could not be made) and not reductions caused for any
other reason. In those instances where benefits are reduced for some other reason, the term DC Plan Benefits shall be deemed to mean the benefits that actually would have been payable but for such other reason. 
 One example of such other reasons includes, but is not limited to, a
reduction of savings plan benefits as a result of payment of all or a portion of a Participant s benefits to a third party on behalf of or with respect to a Participant. 
 -18- 

Appendix B 
 Grandfathered Halliburton Benefits 

B.1 
 Purpose . The provisions of this appendix set forth the rules for determining benefit amounts and forms of payments with respect to liabilities arising under the Prior
Supplemental Plan and assumed by the Company solely with respect to Continued Employees as that term is defined in the Agreement. The other terms of the Plan e.g ., nonassignability, nonduplication of benefits) apply to the extent
not inconsistent with the terms of this appendix. 

B.2 
 No Double Participation . An individual may not participate in this Program if he or she qualifies for a benefit under any other supplemental plan or other arrangement of the
Company (including, but not necessarily limited to, the ERISA Excess Benefit Plan for Dresser, Inc.) that the Committee determines in its sole discretion provides the same benefits intended to be provided under this Program.

(a) 
 If an individual could be covered by two plans, both of which include this provision (or a similar provision), the Company will resolve the discrepancy to allow eligibility for one
plan or another but not both. 

(b) 
 If, despite the preceding two sentences, a court, administrative agency or settlement agreement requires participation in and/or benefits from this Plan and another supplemental
plan or arrangement, the individual will not accrue benefits in this Plan unless those benefits offset benefits accrued under such other plan or arrangement. 

B.3 
 Eligibility . An employee of the Company is eligible to receive a benefit under this Program if he or she is a Continued Employee who earned a
benefit 
 
 -19- 

under the Prior Supplemental Plan for which the Company assumed liability under the Agreement. 

B.4 
 Prior Plan Provisions . The provisions of the Prior Supplemental Plan setting forth benefit amounts and forms of payment are as follows: HALLIBURTON COMPANY SENIOR EXECUTIVES DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN AS
AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 1999 . . . . ARTICLE II Definitions
 Where the following words and phrases appear in the Plan, they shall
have the respective meanings set forth below, unless their context clearly indicates to the contrary. (A) Account(s) : A Participant s Deferred Compensation Account, ERISA Restoration Account, and/or Excess Remuneration Account, including amounts credited thereto. (B) Administrative Committee : The administrative committee appointed by the
Compensation Committee to administer the Plan. (C) Allocation
Year : The calendar year for which an allocation is made to a Participant s Account pursuant to Article IV. (D) Board : The Board of Directors of the Company. (E) Code : The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (F) Compensation Committee : The Compensation Committee of the Board. (G) Company : Halliburton Company. (H) Deferred Compensation Account : An individual account for each Participant on the books of such Participant s Employer to which is credited amounts
allocated for the benefit of such Participant pursuant to the provisions of Article IV, Paragraph (D). (I) Employee : Any employee of an Employer. The term does not include independent contractors or persons who are retained by an Employer as consultants only. (J) Employer : The Company and any Subsidiary designated as an Employer in
accordance with the provisions of Article III of the Plan. (K)
 ERISA : The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. (L) ERISA Restoration Account : An individual account for each Participant on the books of such Participant s Employer to which is credited amounts allocated for the benefit of such Participant pursuant to the provisions
of Article IV, 
 
 -20- 

Paragraph (F). Such Account shall include amounts allocated to a Participant s Excess Benefit Account prior to January 1, 1995 and
amounts transferred from the ERISA Compensation Limit Benefit Plan for Dresser Industries, Inc. and the Deferred Compensation Plan for Baroid Corporation, effective December 31, 1998. (M) ERISA Restoration Participant : An Employee whose compensation from the
Employers for an Allocation Year is in excess of the limit set forth in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for such Allocation Year or who has made elective deferrals for such Allocation Year under the Halliburton Elective Deferral Plan.
 (N) Excess Remuneration Account : An individual account for each
Participant on the books of such Participant s Employer to which is credited amounts allocated for the benefit of such Participant pursuant to the provisions of Article IV, Paragraph (G). (O) Participant : An ERISA Restoration Participant or a Senior Executive
Participant. (P) Pension Equalizer Contribution : Pension
Equalizer Contribution as defined in the Halliburton Retirement and Savings Plan. (Q) Plan : The Halliburton Company Senior Executives Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 1999, and as the same may thereafter be amended from time to time. (R) Senior Executive : An Employee who is a senior executive, including an
officer, of an Employer (whether or not he is also a director thereof), who is employed by an Employer on a full-time basis, who is compensated for such employment by a regular salary and who, in the opinion of the Compensation Committee, is one of
the key personnel of an Employer in a position to contribute materially to its continued growth and development and to its future financial success. (S) Senior Executive Participant : A Senior Executive who is selected as a Senior Executive Participant for an Allocation Year. The Compensation Committee
shall be the sole judge of who shall be eligible to be a Senior Executive Participant for any Allocation Year. The selection of a Senior Executive to be a Senior Executive Participant for a particular Allocation Year shall not constitute him a
Senior Executive Participant for another Allocation Year unless he is selected to be a Senior Executive Participant for such other Allocation Year by the Compensation Committee. An Employee may be both a Senior Executive Participant and an ERISA
Restoration Participant for the same Allocation Year. (T)
 Subsidiary : At any given time, any other corporation of which an aggregate of 80 or more of the outstanding voting stock is owned of record or beneficially, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any other of its Subsidiaries or
both. (U) Termination of Service : Severance from employment with
an Employer for any reason other than a transfer between Employers. (V)
 Trust : Any trust created pursuant to the provisions of Article IX. (W) Trust Agreement : The agreement establishing the Trust. (X) Trustee : The trustee of the Trust. (Y) Trust
Fund : Assets under the Trust as may exist from time to time. . . . . 
 -21- 

ARTICLE IV Allocations Under the Plan, Participation in the Plan and Selection for Awards
 (A) Each Allocation Year the Compensation Committee
shall, in its sole discretion, determine what amounts shall be available for allocation to the Accounts of the Senior Executive Participants pursuant to Paragraph (D) below. (B) No award shall be made to any person while he is a voting member of the Compensation Committee. (C) The Compensation Committee from time to time may adopt, amend or revoke
such regulations and rules as it may deem advisable for its own purposes to guide in determining which of the Senior Executives it shall deem to be Senior Executive Participants for a particular Allocation Year and the method and manner of payment
thereof to the Senior Executive Participants. (D) The
Compensation Committee, during the Allocation Year involved or during the next succeeding Allocation Year, shall determine which Senior Executives it shall designate as Participants for such Allocation Year and the amounts allocated to each Senior
Executive Participant for such Allocation Year. In making its determination, the Compensation Committee shall consider such factors as the Compensation Committee may in its sole discretion deem material. The Compensation Committee, in its sole
discretion, may notify a Senior Executive at any time during a particular Allocation Year or in the Allocation Year following the Allocation Year for which the award is made that he has been selected as a Senior Executive Participant for all or part
of such Allocation Year, and may determine and notify him of the amount which shall be allocated to him for such Allocation Year. The decision of the Compensation Committee in selecting a Senior Executive to be a Senior Executive Participant or in
making any allocation to him shall be final and conclusive, and nothing herein shall be deemed to give any Senior Executive or his legal representatives or assigns any right to be a Senior Executive Participant for such Allocation Year or to be
allocated any amount except to the extent of the amount, if any, allocated to a Senior Executive Participant for a particular Allocation Year, but at all times subject to the provisions of the Plan. (E) A Senior Executive whose Service is Terminated during the Allocation Year
may be selected as a Senior Executive Participant for such part of the Allocation Year prior to his Termination and be granted such award with respect to his services during such part of the Allocation Year as the Compensation Committee, in its sole
discretion and under any rules it may promulgate, may determine. (F) The Administrative Committee shall determine for each Allocation Year which ERISA Restoration Participants allocations of Employer contributions (other than matching contributions) and forfeitures under qualified defined
contribution plans sponsored by the Employers have been reduced for such Allocation Year by reason of the application of Section 401(a)(17) or Section 415 of the Code, or any combination of such Sections (except that reductions of a
Participant s Pension Equalizer Contribution by reason of the application of Section 415 of the Code shall not be taken into account), or by reason of elective deferrals under the Halliburton Elective Deferral Plan, and shall allocate to
the credit of each such ERISA Restoration Participant under the Plan an amount equal to the amount of such reductions applicable to such ERISA Restoration Participant. In addition, the Administrative Committee shall allocate to the credit of each
ERISA Restoration 
 
 -22- 

Participant under the Plan an amount equal to 4 of the sum of (i) the amount of such ERISA Restoration Participant s compensation (as such term is
defined in the applicable qualified defined contribution plan) deferred under the Halliburton Elective Deferral Plan for such Allocation Year and (ii) the amount of such compensation not so deferred that is in excess of the compensation limit
under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for such Allocation Year. (G) The Compensation Committee may, in its discretion, allocate to the credit of a Participant under the Plan all or any part of any remuneration payable by the Employer to such Participant which would otherwise be treated as excessive
employee remuneration within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code for any Allocation Year, rather than paying such excessive remuneration to such Participant. (H) Allocations to Participants under the Plan shall be made by crediting their respective Accounts on the books of their
Employers as of the last day of the Allocation Year, except that an allocation under Paragraph (G) shall be credited to a Participant on the date the amount would have been paid to the Participant had it not been deferred pursuant to the
provisions of Paragraph (G). Allocations under Paragraph (D) above shall be credited to the Participants Deferred Compensation Accounts, allocations under Paragraph (F) above shall be credited to the Participants ERISA
Restoration Accounts and allocations under Paragraph (G) above shall be credited to the Participants Excess Remuneration Account. Accounts of Participants shall also be credited with interest as of the last day of each Allocation Year, at
the rate set forth in Paragraph (I) below, on the average monthly credit balance of the Account being calculated by using the balance of each Account on the first day of each month. Prior to Termination of Service, the annual interest shall
accumulate as a part of the Account balance. After Termination of Service, the annual interest for such Allocation Year may be paid as more particularly set forth hereinafter. (I) Interest shall be credited on amounts allocated to Participants Deferred Compensation Accounts at the rate of
5 per annum for periods prior to Termination of Service. Interest shall be credited on amounts allocated to Participants ERISA Restoration Accounts and Excess Remuneration Accounts, and on amounts allocated to Participants 
Deferred Compensation Accounts for periods subsequent to Termination of Service, at the rate of 10 per annum. ARTICLE V Non-Assignability of Awards No Participant shall have any right to commute, encumber, pledge, transfer or
otherwise dispose of or alienate any present or future right or expectancy which he or she may have at any time to receive payments of any allocations made to such Participant, all such allocations being expressly hereby made non-assignable and
non-transferable; provided, however, that nothing in this Article shall prevent transfer (A) by will, (B) by the applicable laws of descent and distribution or (C) pursuant to an order that satisfies the requirements for a
 qualified domestic relations order as such term is defined in section 206(d)(3)(B) of the ERISA and section 414(p)(1)(A) of the Code, including an order that requires distributions to an alternate payee prior to a
Participant s earliest retirement age as such term is defined in section 206(d)(3)(E)(ii) of the ERISA and section 414(p)(4)(B) of the Code. Attempts to transfer or assign by a Participant (other than in accordance with
the preceding sentence) shall, in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee 
 
 -23- 

after consideration of such facts as it deems pertinent, be grounds for terminating any rights of such Participant to any awards allocated to but not
previously paid over to such Participant. ARTICLE VI
 Vesting All amounts credited to a Participant s Accounts shall be fully vested and not subject to forfeiture for any reason except as provided in
Article V. ARTICLE VII Distribution of Awards (A) Upon Termination of Service of a Participant, the Administrative Committee (i) shall certify to the Trustee or the treasurer of the Employer, as
applicable, the amount credited to each of the Participant s Accounts on the books of each Employer for which the Participant was employed at a time when he earned an award hereunder, (ii) shall determine whether the payment of the amount
credited to each of the Participant s Accounts under the Plan is to be paid directly by the applicable Employer, from the Trust Fund, if any, or by a combination of such sources (except to the extent the provisions of the Trust Agreement, if
any, specify payment from the Trust Fund) and (iii) shall determine and certify to the Trustee or the treasurer of the Employer, as applicable, the method of payment of the amount credited to each of a Participant s Accounts, selected by
the Administrative Committee from among the following alternatives: (1) A single lump sum payment upon Termination of Service; (2) A payment of one-half of the Participant s balance upon Termination of Service, with payment of the additional one-half to be
made on or before the last day of a period of one year following Termination; or (3) Payment in monthly installments over a period not to exceed ten years with such payments to commence upon Termination of Service.
 The above notwithstanding, if the total amount credited to the
Participant s Accounts upon Termination of Service is less than 50,000, such amount shall always be paid in a single lump sum payment upon Termination of Service. (B) The Trustee or the treasurer of the Employer, as applicable, shall thereafter make payments of awards in the manner and
at the times so designated, subject, however, to all of the other terms and conditions of this Plan and the Trust Agreement, if any. This Plan shall be deemed to authorize the payment of all or any portion of a Participant s award from the
Trust Fund to the extent such payment is required by the provisions of the Trust Agreement, if any. (C) Interest on the second half of a payment under Paragraph (A)(2) above shall be paid with the final payment, while interest on payments under
Paragraph (A)(3) above may be paid at each year end or may be paid as a part of a level monthly payment computed by the Administrative Committee through the use of such tables as the Administrative Committee shall select from time to time for
such purpose. (D) If a Participant shall die while in the
service of an Employer, or after Termination of Service and prior to the time when all amounts payable to him under the Plan have been paid to him, any remaining amounts payable to the Participant hereunder shall be payable to the estate of the
Participant. The Administrative 
 
 -24- 

Committee shall cause the Trustee or the treasurer of the Employer, as applicable, to pay to the estate of the Participant all of the awards then standing to
his credit in a lump sum or in such other form of payment consistent with the alternative methods of payment set forth above as the Administrative Committee shall determine after considering such facts and circumstances relating to the Participant
and his estate as it deems pertinent. (E) If the Plan is
terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article X, the Compensation Committee may, at its election and in its sole discretion, cause the Trustee or the treasurer of the Employer, as applicable, to pay to all Participants all of the awards then
standing to their credit in the form of lump sum payments. . .
.. . 
 -25- 

AMENDMENT NO. 1
 TO THE SUPPLEMENTAL PLAN FOR DRESSER, INC. This amendment to the
Supplemental Plan for Dresser, Inc. (i) modifies the formula for calculating DC Account earnings by replacing the DJ 20 Bond Index with a similar index; and (ii) deletes internal plan claims procedures in order to eliminate conflicts with
new claims procedures adopted pursuant to regulations of the Department of Labor. This amendment is effective as of the dates noted below. 

1. 
 Effective April 5, 2002, Section A.6(b)(2) is replaced with the following: (2) a percentage amount equal to 2 , plus the annual yield on the Moody s Long-Term Corporate Bond Yield (or such
other similar index as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee) for the first business day of the calendar quarter containing the crediting date, and reduced to a monthly factor as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.

2. 
 Effective January 1, 2002, Section 5.1 is replaced with the following: Section 5.1 . Claims and Appeal Procedures . The Committee shall establish claims and
appeals procedures in accordance with Department of Labor regulation 2560.503-1. 

3. 
 Effective January 1, 2002, Sections 5.2 and 5.3 are deleted in their entirety. EXECUTED this day of
 , 2002. 

DRESSER, INC. 

By: 

-26- 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 7
 dex1014.htm
 DRESSER, INC. ELECTIVE DEFERRAL PLAN

Dresser, Inc. Elective Deferral Plan 

Exhibit 10.14 DRESSER, INC. ELECTIVE DEFERRAL PLAN 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE 
 
 PAGE 

Establishment and Purpose of Plan 
 
 (ii) 

I 
 
 - 
 
 Definitions and Construction 
 
 I-1 

II 
 
 - 
 
 Participation 
 
 II-1 

III 
 
 - 
 
 Account Credits 
 
 III-1 

IV 
 
 - 
 
 Withdrawals 
 
 IV-1 

V 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of Benefits 
 
 V-1 

VI 
 
 - 
 
 Administration of the Plan 
 
 VI-1 

VII 
 
 - 
 
 Nature of the Plan 
 
 VII-1 

VIII 
 
 - 
 
 Participating Employers 
 
 VIII-1 

IX 
 
 - 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 IX-1 

(i) 

DRESSER, INC.
 ELECTIVE DEFERRAL PLAN Establishment and Purpose of Plan Dresser, Inc. hereby establishes the Dresser, Inc. Elective Deferral Plan, effective as of the Effective Date. The Plan shall be the successor to and
continuation of the Halliburton Elective Deferral Plan, as amended and restated effective September 1, 2000, with respect to those Participants who were previously participants in such plan. The purpose of the Plan is to assist certain of the Company s employees
in making more adequate provision for their retirement. 
 (ii) 

I. Definitions and Construction 1.1 Definitions . Where the following words and phrases appear in the Plan, they shall have the respective meanings set forth below, unless
their context clearly indicates to the contrary. 

(1) 
 Account : A memorandum bookkeeping account established on the records of the Employer for a Participant that is credited with amounts determined in accordance with
Article III of the Plan. As of any determination date, a Participant s benefit under the Plan shall be equal to the amount credited to his Account as of such date. A Participant shall have a 100 nonforfeitable interest in his Account at all
times. 

(2) 
 Act : The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

(3) 
 Affiliate : Any entity of which an aggregate of 50 or more of the ownership interest is owned of record or beneficially, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any
other Affiliate. 

(4) 
 Base Salary : The base rate of cash compensation paid by the Employer to or for the benefit of a Participant for services rendered or labor performed while a
Participant, including base pay a Participant could have received in cash in lieu of (A) deferrals pursuant to Section 3.1 and (B) contributions made on his behalf to any qualified plan maintained by the Employer or to any cafeteria
plan under section 125 of the Code maintained by the Employer. 

(5) 
 Bonus Compensation : With respect to any Participant for a Plan Year, the amount awarded under a regular bonus plan maintained by the Employer that is payable to the
Participant in cash. 

(6) 
 Code : The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(7) 
 Compensation Committee : The Compensation Committee of the Directors. 

(8) 
 Committee : The administrative committee appointed by the Compensation Committee to administer the Plan. 

(9) 
 Company : Dresser, Inc. 

(10) 
 Directors : The Board of Directors of the Company. 

(11) 
 Effective Date : The effective date of the Plan which shall be April 10, 2001. 

(12) 
 Eligible Employee : Any Employee who is (i) a permanent Full-Time Active Employee, (2) subject to the income tax laws of the United States, and (3) an
officer or member of a select group of highly compensated employees of the Employer. 
 I-1 

(13) 
 Employee : Any person employed by the Employer. 

(14) 
 Employer : The Company and each eligible organization designated as an Employer in accordance with the provisions of Article VIII of the Plan. 

(15) 
 Full-Time Active Employee : An Employee whose employment with the Employer requires, and who regularly and actively performs, 30 or more hours of service for the
Employer each week at a usual place of business of the Employer or at a location to which such Employee is required or permitted to travel on behalf of the Employer for which such Employee is paid regular compensation. 

(16) 
 Participant : Each Eligible Employee who has been selected for participation in the Plan and who has become a Participant pursuant to Article II.

(17) 
 Plan : The Dresser, Inc. Elective Deferral Plan, as amended from time to time. 

(18) 
 Plan Year : The twelve-consecutive month period commencing January 1 of each year; except that the first Plan Year shall commence on the Effective Date and end on
the December 31 st next following the Effective Date. 

(19) 
 Retirement : The date the Participant retires in accordance with the terms of his Employer s retirement policy as in effect at that time. 

(20) 
 Unforeseeable Emergency : A severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of the Participant or of a dependent
(as defined in section 152(a) of the Code) of the Participant, loss of the Participant s property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the
Participant. 1.2 Number and
Gender . Wherever appropriate herein, words used in the singular shall be considered to include the plural and words used in the plural shall be considered to include the singular. The masculine gender, where appearing in the Plan, shall be
deemed to include the feminine gender. 1.3
 Headings . The headings of Articles and Sections herein are included solely for convenience, and if there is any conflict between such headings and the text of the Plan, the text shall control. 
 I-2 

II. Participation 2.1 Participation . Participants in the Plan are those Eligible
Employees who are selected by the Committee, in its sole discretion, as Participants. The Committee shall notify each Participant of his selection as a Participant. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.2, a Participant shall remain eligible
to defer Base Salary and/or Bonus Compensation hereunder for each Plan Year following his initial year of participation in the Plan. 2.2 Cessation of Active Participation . Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, an individual who has become a Participant in
the Plan shall cease to be entitled to defer Base Salary and/or Bonus Compensation hereunder effective as of the date he ceases to be an Eligible Employee or any earlier date designated by the Committee. Any such Committee action shall be
communicated to the affected individual prior to the effective date of such action. 
 II-1 

III. Account Credits 3.1 Base Salary Deferrals . (a) Any participant may elect to defer receipt of an
integral percentage of from 5 to 75 of his Base Salary, in 5 increments, for any Plan Year. A Participant s election to defer receipt of a percentage of his Base Salary for any Plan Year shall be made on or before the last day of the
preceding Plan Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an individual initially becomes a Participant other than on the first day of a Plan Year, such Participant s election to defer receipt of a percentage of his Base Salary for such Plan Year
may be made no later than 30 days after he becomes a Participant, but such election shall be prospective only. A Participant s elections under the predecessor Halliburton Elective Deferral Plan shall become his elections under this Plan as of
the Effective Date with respect to amounts deferred prior to the Effective Date, amounts deferred for the remainder of the first Plan Year of the Plan, and earnings credited thereto. The reduction in a Participant s Base Salary pursuant to his
election shall be effected by Base Salary reductions as of each payroll period within the election period. Base Salary for a Plan Year not Deferred by a Participant pursuant to this Paragraph shall be received by such Participant in cash, except as
provided by any other plan maintained by the Employer. Deferrals of Base Salary under this Plan shall be made before elective deferrals or contributions of Base Salary under any other plan maintained by the Employer. Base Salary deferrals made by a
Participant shall be credited to such Participant s Account as of the date the Base Salary deferred would have been received by such Participant in cash had no deferral been made pursuant to this Section. Except as provided in Paragraph (b),
deferral elections for a Plan Year pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable. (b) A Participant shall be permitted to revoke his election to defer receipt of his Base Salary for any Plan Year in the event of an
Unforeseeable Emergency, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. For purposes of the Plan, the decision of the Committee regarding the existence or nonexistence of an Unforeseeable Emergency of a Participant shall be final and
binding. Further, the Committee shall have the authority to require a Participant to provide such proof as it deems necessary to establish the existence and significant nature of the Participant s Unforeseeable Emergency. A Participant who is
permitted to revoke his Base Salary deferral election during a Plan Year shall not be permitted to resume Base Salary deferrals under the Plan until the next following Plan Year. 3.2 Bonus Compensation Deferrals . Any Participant may elect to defer receipt of an integral percentage of from
5 to 75 of his Bonus Compensation, in 5 increments, for any Plan Year. A Participant s election to defer receipt of a percentage of his Bonus Compensation for any Plan Year shall be made on or before the last day of the preceding Plan Year.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any individual initially becomes a Participant other than on the first day of a Plan Year, such Participant s election to defer receipt of a percentage of his Bonus Compensation for such Plan Year may be made
no later than 30 days after he becomes a Participant, but such election shall apply only to a pro rata portion of his Bonus Compensation for such Plan Year based upon the number of complete months remaining in such Plan Year 
 
 III-1 

divided by twelve. A Participant s elections under the predecessor Halliburton Elective Deferral Plan shall become his elections under this Plan as of
the Effective Date with respect to amounts deferred prior to the Effective Date, amounts deferred for the remainder of the first Plan Year of the Plan, and earnings credited thereto. Bonus Compensation for a Plan Year not deferred by a Participant
pursuant to this Section shall be received by such Participant except as provided by any other plan maintained by the Employer. Deferrals of Bonus Compensation under this Plan shall be made before elective deferrals or contributions of Bonus
Compensation under any other plan maintained by the Employer. Bonus Compensation deferrals made by a Participant shall be credited to such Participant s Account as of the date the Bonus Compensation deferred would have been received by such
Participant had no deferral been made pursuant to this Section 3.2. Deferral elections for a Plan Year pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable. 3.3 Earnings Credits . For each Plan Year, a Participant s Account shall be credited semiannually on June 30 and December 31
with an amount of earnings based on the weighted average balance of such Account during the preceding six months and the Moody s corporate bond average annual yield for long-term investment grade bonds during the six-month period ended seven
months prior to each semi-annual earnings credit date, plus 2 . (For example, the rate earned for the six months ended December 31, 2001, would be based on the average Moody s rate for the six months ended May 31, 2001, plus 2 ). So
long as there is any balance in any Account, such Account shall continue to receive earnings credits pursuant to this Section. 
 III-2 

IV. Withdrawals Participants shall be permitted to make withdrawals from the Plan only in the
event of an Unforeseeable Emergency, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. No withdrawal shall be allowed to the extent that such Unforeseeable Emergency is or may be relieved (a) through reimbursement or compensation by
insurance or otherwise, (b) by liquidation of the Participant s assets, to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship or (c) by cessation of Base Salary deferrals under the Plan pursuant
to Section 3.1(b). Further, the Committee shall permit a Participant to withdraw only the amount it determines, in its sole discretion, to be reasonably needed to satisfy the Unforeseeable Emergency. 
 IV-1 

V. Payment of Benefits 5.1 Payment Election Generally . In connection with the deferral
elections made by a Participant pursuant to Article III for a Plan Year, such Participant shall elect, subject to Sections 5.4, 5.5, 5.7 and 5.8, a single time and form of payment with respect to both the Base Salary and Bonus Compensation deferrals
and the earnings credited thereto. A Participant may revise his election regarding the time and form of payment of both deferred amounts, but such revised election shall not be effective until one year from the date of the revised election and shall
be effective only if payment has not been made or commenced pursuant to Section 5.2 prior to the expiration of such one-year period. A Participant s elections under the predecessor Halliburton Elective Deferral Plan shall become his
elections under this Plan as of the Effective Date with respect to the time and form of payment of amounts deferred prior to the Effective Date, amounts deferred for the remainder of the first Plan Year, and earnings credited thereto. 5.2 Time of Benefit Payment . With respect to both deferral
elections made by a Participant pursuant to Article III for a Plan Year, such Participant shall elect to commence payment of such deferrals and the earnings credited thereto on one of the following dates: (a) Retirement; or (b) A specific future month and year, but not earlier than
five years from the date of the deferral if the Participant has not attained age fifty-five at the time of the deferral or one year from the date of the deferral if the Participant has attained age fifty-five at the time of the deferral, and not
later than the first day of the year in which the Participant attains age seventy. 5.3 Form of Benefit Payment . With respect to both deferral elections made by a Participant pursuant to Article III for a Plan Year, such Participant shall elect the form of payment with respect to such
deferrals and the earnings credited thereto from one of the following forms: (a) A lump sum; or (b) Installment payments for a period not to exceed ten years. Installment payments shall be paid annually on the first business day of January of each Plan Year; provided however, that not later than sixty days prior to the date payment is to commence, a Participant may elect to have his installment
payments paid quarterly on the first business day of each calendar quarter. Each installment payment shall be determined by multiplying the deferral and the earnings credited thereto at the time of the payment by a fraction, the numerator of which
is one and the denominator of which is the number of remaining installment payments to be made to Participant. In the event the total amount credited to a Participant s Account does not exceed 50,000, the Committee may, in its sole discretion,
pay such amounts in a lump sum. 
 V-1 

5.4 Total and Permanent Disability . If a Participant becomes totally and permanently
disabled while employed by the Employer, payment of the amounts credited to such Participant s Account shall commence on the first business day of the second calendar quarter following the date the Committee makes a determination that the
Participant is totally and permanently disabled, in the form of payment determined in accordance with Section 5.3. The above notwithstanding, if such Participant is already receiving payments pursuant to Section 5.2(b) and
Section 5.3(b), such payments shall continue. For purposes of the Plan, a Participant shall be considered totally and permanently disabled if the Committee determines, based on a written medical opinion (unless waived by the Committee as
unnecessary), that such Participant is permanently incapable of performing his job for physical or mental reasons. 5.5 Death . In the event of a Participant s death at a time when amounts are credited to such Participant s Account, such amounts
shall be paid to such Participant s designated beneficiary or beneficiaries in five annual installments commencing as soon as administratively feasible after such Participant s date of death. However, the Participant s designated
beneficiary or beneficiaries may request a lump sum payment based upon hardship, and the Committee, in its sole discretion, may approve such request. 5.6 Designation of Beneficiaries . (a) Each Participant shall have the right to designate the beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive payment of his benefit in the event of
his death. Each such designation shall be made by executing the beneficiary designation form prescribed by the Committee and filing same with the Committee. Any such designation may be changed at any time by execution of a new designation in
accordance with this Section. (b) If no such
designation is on file with the Committee at the time of the death of the Participant or such designation is not effective for any reason as determined by the Committee, then the designated beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive such benefit shall
be as follows: (1) If a Participant leaves a
surviving spouse, his benefit shall be paid to such surviving spouse; (2) If a Participant leaves no surviving spouse, his benefit shall be paid to such Participant s executor or administrator, or to his heirs at law if there is no administration of such Participant s estate.
 5.7 Other Termination of Employment . If a
Participant terminates his employment with the Employer before Retirement for a reason other than total and permanent disability or death, the amounts credited to such Participant s Account shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum no less
than thirty days and no more than one year after the Participant s date of termination of employment. For purposes of this Section, transfers of employment between and among the Company and its Affiliates shall not be considered a termination
of employment. 
 V-2 

5.8 Payment of Benefits . The benefits due a Participant under the Plan shall be paid by the
Employer. Any benefit payments made to a Participant or for his benefit pursuant to any provision of the Plan shall be debited to such Participant s Account. All benefit payments shall be made in cash. 5.9 Unclaimed Benefits . In the case of a benefit payable on
behalf of a Participant, if the Committee is unable to locate the Participant or beneficiary to whom such benefit is payable, upon the Committee s determination thereof, such benefit shall be forfeited to the Employer. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if subsequent to any such forfeiture the Participant or beneficiary to whom such benefit is payable makes a valid claim for such benefit, such forfeited benefit shall be paid by the Employer or restored to the Plan by the Employer.
 5.10 No Acceleration of Bonus Compensation . The
time of payment of any Bonus Compensation that the Participant has elected to defer but that has not yet been credited to the Participant s Account because it is not yet payable without regard to the deferral shall not be accelerated as a
result of the provisions of this Article. If, pursuant to the provisions of this Article, payment of such Bonus Compensation would no longer be deferred at the time it becomes payable, such Bonus Compensation shall be paid to the Participant within
90 days of the date it would have been payable had the Participant not made a deferral election. 
 V-3 

VI. Administration of the Plan 6.1 Committee Powers and Duties . The general administration of
the Plan shall be vested in the Committee. The Committee shall supervise the administration and enforcement of the Plan according to the terms and provisions hereof and shall have all powers necessary to accomplish these purposes, including, but not
by way of limitation, the right, power, authority, and duty: (a) To make rules, regulations, and bylaws for the administration of the Plan that are not inconsistent with the terms and provisions hereof, and to enforce the terms of the Plan and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder by the Committee; (b)
To construe in its discretion all terms, provisions, conditions, and limitations of the Plan; (c) To correct any defect or to supply any omission or to reconcile any inconsistency that may appear in the Plan in such manner and to
such extent as it shall deem in its discretion expedient to effectuate the purposes of the Plan; (d) To employ and compensate such accountants, attorneys, investment advisors, and other agents, employees, and independent contractors as
the Committee may deem necessary or advisable for the proper and efficient administration of the Plan; (e) To determine in its discretion all questions relating to eligibility; (f) To determine whether and when there has been a termination of a Participant s employment with the
Employer, and the reason for such termination; and (g) To make a determination in its discretion as to the right of any person to a benefit under the Plan and to prescribe procedures to be followed by distributees in obtaining benefits hereunder. 6.2 Self-Interest of Participants . No member of the Committee
shall have any right to vote or decide upon any matter relating solely to himself under the Plan (including, without limitation, Committee decisions under Article II) or to vote in any case in which his individual right to claim any benefit under
the Plan is particularly involved. In any case in which a Committee member is so disqualified to act and the remaining members cannot agree, the Compensation Committee shall appoint a temporary substitute member to exercise all the powers of the
disqualified member concerning the matter in which he is disqualified. 6.3 Claims Review . In any case in which a claim for Plan benefits of a Participant or beneficiary is denied or modified, the Committee shall furnish written notice to the claimant within ninety days (or within 180 days if
additional information requested by the Committee necessitates an extension of the ninety-day period), which notice shall: (a) State the specific reason or reasons for the denial or modification; 
 VI-1 

(b) Provide specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial or
modification is based; (c) Provide a
description of any additional material or information necessary for the Participant, his beneficiary, or representative to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and (d) Explain the Plan s claim review procedure as
contained herein. In the event a claim for Plan benefits is denied or
modified, if the Participant, his beneficiary, or a representative of such Participant or beneficiary desires to have such denial or modification reviewed, he must, within sixty days following receipt of the notice of such denial or modification,
submit a written request for review by the Committee of its initial decision. In connection with such request, the Participant, his beneficiary, or the representative of such Participant or beneficiary may review any pertinent documents upon which
such denial or modification was based and may submit issues and comments in writing. Within sixty days following such request for review the Committee shall, after providing a full and fair review, render its final decision in writing to the
Participant, his beneficiary or the representative of such Participant or beneficiary stating specific reasons for such decision and making specific references to pertinent Plan provisions upon which the decision is based. If special circumstances
require an extension of such sixty-day period, the Committee s decision shall be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than 120 days after receipt of the request for review. If an extension of time for review is required, written notice
of the extension shall be furnished to the Participant, beneficiary, or the representative of such Participant or beneficiary prior to the commencement of the extension period. 6.4 Employer to Supply Information . The Employer shall supply full and timely information to the Committee,
including, but not limited to, information relating to each Participant s compensation, age, retirement, death, or other cause of termination of employment and such other pertinent facts as the Committee may require. When making a determination
in connection with the Plan, the Committee shall be entitled to rely upon the aforesaid information furnished by the Employer. 6.5 Indemnity . The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Committee against any and all expenses and liabilities
arising out of his administrative functions or fiduciary responsibilities, including any expenses and liabilities that are caused by or result from an act or omission constituting the negligence of such member in the performance of such functions or
responsibilities, but excluding expenses and liabilities that are caused by or result from such member s own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Expenses against which such member shall be indemnified hereunder shall include, without
limitation, the amounts of any settlement or judgment, costs, counsel fees, and related charges reasonably incurred in connection with a claim asserted or a proceeding brought or settlement thereof. 
 VI-2 

6.6 Payment of Expenses . All expenses incident to the administration of the Plan, including
but not limited to, legal and accounting fees, and expenses of the Committee, shall be paid by the Employer. 6.7 Maintenance of Accounts . The Committee shall maintain one or more Accounts in the name of each Participant, but the maintenance of an
Account designated as the Account of a Participant shall not mean that such Participant shall have a greater or lesser interest than that due him by operation of the Plan and shall not be considered as segregating any funds or property to pay
benefits hereunder. 
 VI-3 

VII. Nature of the Plan The Employer intends and desires by the adoption of the Plan to recognize the
value to the Employer of the past and present services of employees covered by the Plan and to encourage and assure their continued service with the Employer by making more adequate provision for their future retirement security. The Plan is
intended to constitute an unfunded, unsecured plan of deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees of the Employer. Plan benefits herein provided are to be paid out of the Employer s general assets. The
Plan constitutes a mere promise by the Employers to make benefit payments in the future and Participants have the status of general unsecured creditors of the Employers. 
 VII-1 

VIII. Participating Employers The Committee may designate any entity or organization eligible by law to
participate in this Plan as an Employer by written instrument delivered to the Secretary of the Company and the designated Employer. Such written instrument shall specify the effective date of such designated participation, may incorporate specific
provisions relating to the operation of the Plan which apply to the designated Employer only and shall become, as to such designated Employer and its employees, a part of the Plan. Each designated Employer shall be conclusively presumed to have
consented to its designation and to have agreed to be bound by the terms of the Plan and any and all amendments thereto upon its submission of information to the Committee required by the terms of or with respect to the Plan; provided, however, that
the terms of the Plan may be modified so as to increase the obligations of an Employer only with the consent of such Employer, which consent shall be conclusively presumed to have been given by such Employer upon its submission of any information to
the Committee required by the terms of or with respect to the Plan. Except as modified by the Committee in its written instrument, the provisions of this Plan shall be applicable with respect to each Employer separately, and amounts payable
hereunder shall be paid by the Employer which employs the particular Participant. 
 VIII-1 

IX. Miscellaneous 9.1 Not Contract of Employment . The adoption and maintenance of
the Plan shall not be deemed to be a contract between the Employer and any person or to be consideration for the employment of any person. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to give any person the right to be retained in the employ of the
Employer or to restrict the right of the Employer to discharge any person at any time nor shall the Plan be deemed to give the Employer the right to require any person to remain in the employ of the Employer or to restrict any person s right to
terminate his employment at any time. 9.2 Alienation of
Interest Forbidden . Except as hereinafter provided, the interest of a Participant or his beneficiary or beneficiaries hereunder may not be sold, transferred, assigned, or encumbered in any manner, either voluntarily or involuntarily, and any
attempt so to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, or charge the same shall be null and void; neither shall the benefits hereunder be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any
person to whom such benefits or funds are payable, nor shall they be an asset in bankruptcy or subject to garnishment, attachment or other legal or equitable proceedings. Plan provisions to the contrary notwithstanding, the Committee shall comply
with the terms and provisions of an order that satisfies the requirements for a qualified domestic relations order as such term is defined in section 206(d)(3)(B) of the Act, including an order that requires distributions to an alternate
payee prior to a Participant s earliest retirement age as such term is defined in section 206(d)(3)(E)(ii) of the Act. 9.3 Withholding . All deferrals and payments provided for hereunder shall be subject to applicable withholding and other deductions as shall
be required of the Employer under any applicable local, state or federal law. 9.4 Amendment and Termination . The Compensation Committee may from time to time, in its discretion, amend, in whole or in part, any or all of the provisions of the Plan; provided, however, that no
amendment may be made that would impair the rights of a Participant with respect to amounts already allocated to his Account. The Compensation Committee may terminate the Plan at any time. In the event that the Plan is terminated, the balance in a
Participant s Account shall be paid to such Participant or his designated beneficiary in a single lump sum payment of cash in full satisfaction of all of such Participant s or beneficiary s benefits hereunder. Any such amendment to or
termination of the Plan shall be in writing and signed by a member of the Compensation Committee. 9.5 Severability . If any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not
affect the remaining provisions hereof; instead, each provision shall be fully severable and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if said illegal or invalid provision had never been included herein. 9.6 Governing Laws . All provisions of the Plan shall be
construed in accordance with the laws of Texas except to the extent preempted by federal law. 
 IX-1 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.22>
 8
 dex1022.htm
 SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS

Severance Agreement and Release of Claims 

Exhibit 10.22 SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS This Severance Agreement and Release of Claims Agreement is entered into between Dresser, Ltd., a
Bermuda corporation DL ), Dresser, Inc., a Delaware corporation DI and with DL, collectively, the Company and Andrew E. Graves Employee ). WHEREAS, Employee s employment with the Company and each of its
affiliates will end effective May 15, 2005 (the Termination Date and WHEREAS, the Company and Employee wish to make special arrangements regarding Employee s separation and to promote an orderly transition for both the Company and Employee. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and other
consideration described herein, the Company and Employee agree as follows: 1. Separation of Employment The Company and Employee agree that Employee s employment with the Company and any and all of the Company s affiliates, including without limitation DL, will end on
the Termination Date, and that Employee has no right or expectation of reinstatement or rehire thereafter. 2. Severance In exchange for the promises set forth in this Agreement and his Employment Agreement with the Company dated April 15,
2003 (hereinafter the Employment Agreement ), and provided that there has been no breach by Employee of his obligations under this Agreement or his continuing obligations under the Employment Agreement, the Company will pay to
Employee the consideration set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 3. Mutual General Release (a) Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, successors, and assigns, releases each of the Company, DEG Acquisitions LLC, First Reserve Corporation and each investment fund that it
manages or advises, First Reserve GP IX, Inc. and each investment fund that it manages or advises, Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC and each investment fund that it manages or advises, and each of their respective affiliates, agents, Employees,
representatives, officers, directors, trustees, subsidiaries, stockholders, and attorneys, and the successors and assigns of each (collectively referred to as the Company Released Parties from any claim, counterclaim or other
action, whether known or unknown, against the Company Released Parties, that Employee has or may have arising under statute, common law, or otherwise (including, without limitation, any dispute relating to Employee s employment with the Company
or his separation therefrom and any dispute arising under the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, and any similar state or
local law regulating the employment relationship) arising prior to the date of execution of this Agreement, whether as an employee, director, shareholder or otherwise; provided that nothing herein shall be deemed to release (i) any rights
Employee may have to indemnification from the Company under its certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or other agreements, or pursuant to the Employment Agreement, (ii) any rights Employee may have to directors and officers 
liability insurance coverage including but not limited to those rights specified in Section 7.10 of the Employment Agreement, (iii) any rights Employee may have to any benefits under any employee benefit program or plan of the Company
listed in Paragraph 3 of Exhibit A , (iv) any rights Employee may 

have to continuation of health care coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, or under Section 4980B of the
Internal Revenue Code or under ERISA Sections 601 through 609, (v) Employee s rights under this Agreement, or (vi) Employee s Retained Rights as defined and described in Section 3.7 of the Employment Agreement, as modified
by this Agreement. In addition, with respect to severance payments, and continued participation in employee benefit plans and programs, Employee acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement, including Exhibit A fully and completely resolves
all his rights under the Employment Agreement, and Article 4 of the Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement by and among DL and its shareholders, dated June 12, 2001, as amended (the Investor Rights Agreement ).
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and DEG Acquisitions LLC,
First Reserve Corporation and each investment fund that it manages or advises, First Reserve GP IX, Inc. and each investment fund that it manages or advises, Odyssey Investment Partners, LLC and each investment fund that it manages or advises, and
each of their respective affiliates, agents, Employees, representatives, officers, directors, trustees, subsidiaries, stockholders, and attorneys, and the successors and assigns of each (the Company Parties releases the Employee,
his heirs, executors, successors, and assigns, (collectively referred to as the Employee Released Parties from any claim, counterclaim or other action, whether known or unknown, against the Employee Released Parties, that the
Company Parties have or may have arising under statute, common law, or otherwise (including, without limitation, any dispute relating to Employee s employment with the Company or his separation therefrom and any similar state or local law
regulating the employment relationship) arising prior to the date of execution of this Agreement. The Company Parties release of the Employee Released Parties hereunder does not include any claim the Company may have against the Employee
arising from any criminal act or omission, or willful or intentional misconduct by the Employee. 4. Ownership and Protection of Intellectual Property and Confidential Information The Company and Employee agree that during his employment,
Employee has received and become acquainted with confidential, proprietary, and/or trade secret information of the Company, its customers, and its affiliates. In consideration for the benefits conferred under this Agreement, Employee acknowledges
and reaffirms the confidentiality and related obligations previously agreed to in Article 4 of the Employment Agreement, the provisions of which are incorporated by reference herein. 5. Return of Company Property Employee agrees that he will return all materials required to be returned by
Section 4.3 of the Employment Agreement by the Termination Date. 6. Subsidiary Boards Employee agrees to resign from any Subsidiary Board positions effective on or before May 15, 2005. 7. Covenant Not to Compete; Return of Payments Employee agrees Employee will be bound by the non-compete, non-solicit, noninterference, and
other obligations previously agreed to in Article 5 of the Employment Agreement (the Non-Compete Obligations ), the provisions of which are incorporated by reference herein. Without waiving or impairing any rights the Company has
to injunctive relief or monetary damages for any breach of the Non-Compete Obligations, the parties agree that in the event of a willful and material breach of the 
 
 2 

Non-Compete Obligations (a Violation ), Employer shall cease severance payments as made pursuant to Article 3 of the Employment Agreement
and as listed in Exhibit A . The cessation of such payments pursuant to this provision shall not serve to limit in any way any damages that may be asserted and proven by the Company or any other remedies the Company may have for breach of the
Non-Compete Obligations, including injunctive relief. Any breach hereunder will be deemed willful if Employee fails to cure such breach to the extent curable, within ten (10) business days after receiving written notice thereof from the
Company. 8. Stock Options The Company agrees
that all of Employee s options to purchase 70,000 shares of Company are vested. The Employee s right to put these vested options to the Company and the Company s call rights regarding Employee s options are detailed in the Steve
Lamb (President) letter to Employee dated April 15, 2003 re: Option Grants and Shareholder Issues (the Lamb Letter ). Said letter is incorporated herein by reference. Paragraph 4 of Lamb letter is to be deleted and replaced with
following: vested options will expire if unexercised on March 15, 2006. 9. Put/Call Rights Paragraph 5 of the Lamb Letter is hereby amended as follows: The Company agrees not to call Employee s options. Employee agrees that the put period shall be as follows: Employee s put rights as described herein shall
expire on the earlier of February 15, 2006, or the date of the Company s Initial Public Offering IPO ). A cashless option exercise will be made available to Employee in the event of an IPO. In the event a Company IPO has not
occurred prior to January 15, 2006, Employee shall have the right to put his options to the Company during the period beginning January 15, 2006 and ending February 15, 2006 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company repurchases
Employee s options pursuant to the put rights described herein, the repurchase price for each option will be calculated assuming an underlying share price of 65 per share (i.e. 25 net per share option). 10. Restricted Payments Basket The Company represents, warrants
and covenants to Employee that there is an annual restricted payments basket under financing agreements between the Company and various lenders in effect as of the date of this Agreement, for the repurchase of equity (the Basket ).
If payments due to Employee under Section 9 above, determined without regard to any amounts redeemed on or after the Put Notice, should exceed the amount the Company would be permitted to pay in one year to Employee subject to the Basket, the
Company shall pay the maximum permissible amount to Employee under the Basket immediately upon such amount becoming payable under Section 9, and shall pay the remaining balance due to Employee on the first day of the immediately following year
plus interest at the prime rate on such remaining balance from the date payment was due to Employee until payment is made. 11. Public Statements The parties agree that this document shall be kept confidential, unless and until this document must be disclosed
according to the rules of, or filed with, the Securities and Exchange Commission or other governmental or self regulatory body; provided further that Employee may disclose the terms of this Agreement to his spouse, attorneys, financial and tax
advisors, governmental taxing bodies, and pursuant to lawful process. In the event this document must be disclosed or filed as referenced above, the Company will, to the 
 
 3 

extent possible give the Employee the opportunity to review and comment on any such disclosure or filing. 12. Press Releases and Job References The Company will, to the
extent practicable, give Employee the opportunity to review and comment on any press release or statement issued concerning his employment and termination. All job references for Employee shall be referred to Mr. Patrick Murray who shall
respond, in general, that Employee resigned from the Company due to changes in executive management and the impact of same upon Employee s responsibilities due to business unit restructuring 13. No Admission This Agreement shall not in any way be
construed as an admission by the Company or any Released Party that it has acted wrongfully with respect to Employee, or that Employee has any right to recover from the Company or any Released Party. 14. Successors and Assigns This Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors, legal representatives, and assigns. However, neither this Agreement nor any right or duty hereunder shall be assignable by Employee, his beneficiaries, or
legal representatives. 15. Damages The parties
hereto agree to waive any punitive damages arising from a breach of this Agreement. 16. Reformation If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, in whole or in part, neither the validity of the remaining parts of such provision nor the
validity of any other provision of this Agreement shall in any way be affected thereby. In lieu of such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision, there shall be added automatically as part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision as may be possible to be valid, legal, and enforceable. 17. No Mitigation Employee shall have no obligation or duty to seek subsequent employment or engagement as an employee (including
self-employment) or as a consultant or otherwise mitigate the Company s obligations under this Agreement. Payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall not be reduced by any compensation earned by Employee as an employee or consultant
from any employment or consulting arrangement after the Termination Date. 18. Governing Law This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving affect to principles of conflicts of law. 19. Cooperation After the Termination Date, Employee shall
cooperate with the Company, as the Company may reasonably request, in connection with any litigation, claim, or other dispute in which the Company is or may become a party; provided that any such cooperation or assistance requested shall not
unreasonably interfere or conflict with the obligations which Employee may have or owe to any other employer or to Employee s personal affairs. The Company shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Employee
in fulfilling Employee s obligations under this 
 4 

20. Directors and Officers Liability Insurance The Company will maintain
directors and officers liability insurance for Employee for a five (5) year period following the Termination Date at a level equivalent to the most favorable and protective coverage for any active officer or director of the
Company. 21. Approvals The Company
represents and warrants to Employee that it has taken all corporate action necessary to authorize this Agreement. 22. Waiver No waiver of any breach of any term, provision, or condition of this Agreement: (i) shall be effective unless it is in
writing, (ii) shall be construed or held to be an explicit or implicit waiver of, acquiescence in, or consent to any further or succeeding breach of the same term, provision or condition of this Agreement, or (iii) shall be construed or
held to be an explicit or implicit waiver of, acquiescence in, or consent to any breach of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement. 23. Beneficiaries If Employee dies prior to receiving all of the amounts payable to him in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such
amounts shall be paid to one or more beneficiaries Beneficiaries each, a Beneficiary designated by Employee in writing to the Company during his lifetime, or if no such Beneficiary is designated, to
Employee s estate. Such payments shall be made in a lump sum to the extent so payable and, to the extent not payable in a lump sum, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Employee, without the consent of any prior Beneficiary, may
change his designation of Beneficiary or Beneficiaries at any time or from time to time by submitting to the Company a new designation in writing. 24. Captions and Counterparts The names of the paragraphs of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a
part hereof. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 25. Dispute Resolution Any dispute arising under this Agreement will be resolved pursuant to Section 7.7
of the Employment Agreement. 26. Attorney s Fees
 Employee shall be reimbursed by the company for reasonable attorney s fees and related expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement. The parties further agreeing that in no event will the Company reimburse more than 2,500.
under this paragraph. 27. Entire Agreement In
executing this Agreement, Employee is not relying on any oral representation or statement by any employee, agent, or representative of the Company regarding the subject matter, basis, or effect of the Agreement. Rather, this Agreement, Articles 4
and 5 of the Employment Agreement, and other provisions of the Employment Agreement referenced in this Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements with
respect to such matters. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by an instrument in writing signed by both parties hereto. 28. Knowing and Voluntary Agreement Employee acknowledges that he has carefully read this Agreement in its entirety, that he fully
understands its provisions and its final 
 
 5 

and binding effect, and that he is signing this Agreement voluntarily. Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised of his right to consult with an
attorney of his choosing prior to executing this Agreement. Employee has had the opportunity to have this Agreement in his possession for at least twenty-one days and has had that same period to consider whether to sign it. Employee may revoke this
Agreement within seven days of the date on which it is signed. After the expiration of such seven day period this Agreement will become effective and legally binding in all respects, with the first day after expiration of the revocation period being
the Effective Date for purposes of this Agreement. [signatures follow] 
 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Employee have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
indicated below. 

Dresser, Ltd. 

Dated:

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

Dresser, Inc. 

Dated:

By: 

Name: 

Its: 

Employee 

Dated:

Andrew E. Graves 
 
 7 

EXHIBIT A In consideration of the promises and obligations of Employee under the foregoing Agreement, the Company will provide the
following consideration: 1. A lump-sum payment of 184,669
less required deductions and withholdings and less any amounts already paid for periods subsequent to the Termination Date, payable no later than thirty (30) calendar days following the Agreement s Effective Date, which consists of the
following: 

Accrued Amounts (Base Salary, Annual Bonus) 

0 
 
 Bonus for 2005 

67,594 
 
 Lump Sum Payment Under Company s SERP 

117,075 
 2. Continued periodic
payments of Employee s base salary as in effect on the Termination Date and his Target Annual Bonus (based upon Employee s last base salary amount on the Termination Date. As of the Termination Date Employee s annual base salary was
 360,500 and Employee s Target Bonus was 50 of base salary, or 180,250.) for each year during the severance term (as defined below) in accordance with Employer s customary payroll practices during the period (the Severance
Term commencing on the Termination Date and ending on the earlier of (A) the second anniversary of the Termination Date, or (B) the date Employee willfully and materially violates any of the covenants set forth in Article 4 or
Article 5 of Employment Agreement, or any provisions of this Severance Agreement (the Severance Term ). 3. Continued participation in the following employee benefit plans and programs listed below for two (2) years, following the Agreement s
Effective Date: Medical and Dental Insurance (provided Employee s payments are made), 401K and associated non-qualified plans, if applicable, basic life insurance, continued participation in Paragon supplemental life insurance, Financial
Planning and country club dues for Raveneaux Country Club membership not to exceed 360/month (plus tax). Participation in all company sponsored benefit plans will terminate upon commencement of Employee s participation in substantially
equivalent or better plans from a subsequent employer. Since Employee is responsible for the total premium paid under Employee s Paragon supplemental life insurance plan such insurance plan will be transferred to Employee on the Termination
Date. 4. Under the terms of the Employee Agreement (3.5
(iii)), the Company is obligated to pay up to 20,000 for career transition services by a career transition assistance firm selected by Employee and reasonably acceptable to the Company. The parties acknowledge that this benefit remains in effect
under this Agreement and moreover, at Employee s election, the amount dedicated for career transition services may be applied instead to Employee s relocation expenses for a move back to the Chicago area. In no event will reimbursements
either for career transition services or relocation expenses, or both combined, exceed 20, 000. Further, in no event will relocation expenses be paid if similar expenses are paid under a relocation policy of a future employer. 
 8 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-12.1>
 9
 dex121.htm
 STATEMENT OF COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

Exhibit 12.1 Dresser, Inc. Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges (in millions except for ratio) 

December 31, 2004 

December 31, 2003 

December 31, 2002 

December 31, 2001 

December 31, 2000 

Earnings 

Net Income 

(63.9) 

(37.9) 

(10.8) 

(45.9) 

75.5 

Income taxes 

12.9 

17.4 

14.0 

96.9 

65.6 

Minority interest 

0.7 

Equity of unconsolidated subsidiaries 

(3.9) 

(2.3) 

(3.0) 

(1.8) 

(0.8) 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes and minority interest 

(54.2) 

(22.8) 

0.2 

49.2 

140.3 

Interest and debt expense 

91.1 

85.5 

95.3 

64.9 

2.8 

Interst factor of rental expense 

6.7 

5.7 

5.9 

4.8 

4.5 

Less: Interest Capitalized 

Total earnings available for fixed charges 

43.6 

68.4 

101.4 

118.9 

147.6 

Fixed Charges 

Interest and debt expense 

91.1 

85.5 

95.3 

64.9 

2.8 

Interest component of rental expense 

6.7 

5.7 

5.9 

4.8 

4.5 

Total fixed charges 

97.8 

91.2 

101.2 

69.7 

7.3 

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 

0.4 

0.7 

1.0 

1.7 

20.2 

Deficiency of earning to fixed charges 

(54.2) 

(22.8) 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-14.2>
 10
 dex142.htm
 CODE OF CONDUCT OF DRESSER, INC.

Code of Conduct of Dresser, Inc. 

Exhibit 14.2 

 Dresser Code of Conduct
 Table of Contents 

General Policy Regarding Laws and Business Conduct 
 
 1 
 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 
 6 
 
 Harassment 
 
 8 
 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 
 11 
 
 Internal Accounting Controls, Procedures and Records 
 
 13 
 
 Sensitive Transactions and Commercial Bribery 
 
 16 
 
 International Business Relationships 
 
 18 
 
 Use and Public Disclosure of Inside Information 
 
 21 
 
 Information of a Confidential or Proprietary Nature 
 
 23 
 
 Export Administration and International Economic Sanctions 
 
 24 
 
 Boycotts Outside the United States 
 
 25 
 
 Political Contributions 
 
 26 
 
 Antitrust and Competition Laws 
 
 28 
 
 Health, Safety and Environment 
 
 30 
 
 Embezzlement, Misappropriation and Similar Irregularities (Fraud) 
 
 31 
 
 United States Federal Government Contracting 
 
 32 
 
 Substance Abuse 
 
 33 
 
 Reporting Violations of the Code of Conduct 
 
 35 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 General Policy Regarding Laws and Business Conduct - 01-001 Scope: 
 The Code of Business Conduct of Dresser, Inc. contains the specific Corporate Policies
adopted by the Board of Directors that relate to the legal and ethical standards of conduct of employees and agents of the Company. The Corporate Policies listed in the index constitute the Code of Business Conduct and govern the conduct of business
by the Company. The purpose of this General Policy Regarding Laws and Business
Conduct is to provide a general statement regarding the Company s expectations as to the legal and ethical nature of conduct of the Company s employees and agents while acting on the Company s behalf and to provide for the
administration of the Company s Code of Business Conduct. Moreover, this Corporate Policy is intended to enhance the qualifications of the Code of Business Conduct as a program that is reasonably designed, implemented and enforced so as to be
generally effective in preventing and detecting criminal conduct. Policy: Standards of Conduct It is the Company s policy to comply with all laws applicable to it or the conduct of
its business wherever located, and to conduct its affairs in accordance with the best moral, professional, legal and ethical standards. In some situations the applicable law of the United States may conflict with the applicable law of another
country. In such cases, the Company will endeavor to resolve such conflict following guidance of its Law Department. The Code of Business Conduct applies to agents of the Company as well as its employees. However, in the case of agents whose activities are wholly outside the United
States, Corporate Policy 01-007 (International Business Relationships) establishes the policies and procedures to be observed with respect to such agents. The Code of Business Conduct sets forth specific Corporate Policies governing the conduct of
the business of the Company. It is not intended to provide legal advice, and any legal questions should be addressed to the Law Department. These policies were developed and are intended to be applied in good faith with reasonable business judgment to enable the Company to achieve its operating and financial
goals within the framework of the law. It is the personal responsibility of each employee and agent of the Company to acquaint himself or herself with, and to adhere to, the standards and restrictions, whether imposed by law or the Code of Business
Conduct, 
 
 1 

Dresser Code of Conduct

applicable to his or her assigned duties and responsibilities and to conduct himself or herself accordingly. Such standards and restrictions require each
employee and agent to avoid any activities that would involve the Company in any practice that is not in compliance with the Code of Business Conduct. Any employee or agent who does not adhere to such standards and restrictions is acting outside the
scope of his or her employment or agency. Beyond legal compliance, all Company employees and agents are expected to observe high standards of business and personal ethics in the discharge of their assigned duties and responsibilities. This requires the practice of honesty and integrity in every aspect of dealing with other
Company employees, the public, the business community, stockholders, directors, customers, suppliers and governmental regulatory authorities. The laws discussed in the Code of Business Conduct are complex; moreover, the policies only address some of the more important principles. The Company and its employees
and agents are responsible for complying with all other applicable laws and ethical standards as well. Consequently, any employee who is in doubt as to the propriety of a course of action must promptly communicate with his/her supervisor, Business
Unit Compliance Manager, the Compliance Officer, the Law Department or Human Resources before taking action. Each employee or agent must be familiar with the laws, rules, regulations and policies affecting his/her responsibilities and have a working
knowledge of permissible activities involved in his/her work. Any questions concerning the propriety, ethical or legal nature of any activity should be directed to the employee s supervisor, Business Unit Compliance Manager, the Compliance
Officer, the Law Department or Human Resources. Any employee can report any violation or suspected violation anonymously to the Ethics Compliance Line, Law Department or Human Resources. IT IS THE POLICY OF THE COMPANY NOT TO DISCRIMINATE AGAINST EMPLOYEES, STOCKHOLDERS,
DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, CUSTOMERS OR SUPPLIERS ON ACCOUNT OF RACE, COLOR, ETHNIC BACKGROUND, AGE, ANCESTRY, SEX, RELIGION, NATIONAL ORIGIN OR CITIZENSHIP, MARITAL STATUS, DISABILITY, VETERAN STATUS OR ON ANY OTHER BASIS PROHIBITED BY LAW. ALL PEOPLE
SHALL BE TREATED WITH DIGNITY AND RESPECT AND THEY SHALL NOT BE UNREASONABLY INTERFERED WITH IN THE CONDUCT OF THEIR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. 
 2 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Procedure: Administration of Code of Business Conduct The Code of Business Conduct of the Company shall be administered as follows: Allocation of Responsibilities Under the oversight and direction of the Company s Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer is responsible for ensuring compliance with the Code of Business
Conduct. In connection with this responsibility, the Company has created the office of Vice President, Ethics and Compliance, which reports to both the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board and is the
Company s Compliance Officer. The Compliance Officer is an officer of the Company with sufficient autonomy to ensure his/her independence from operating management. The Compliance Officer is responsible for designing, implementing and
monitoring compliance with the Code of Business Conduct to ensure compliance throughout the Company. The head of each business unit of the Company (the Business Unit Head is responsible for ensuring compliance with the Code of Business Conduct within such unit. In order to support the Business Unit Head
in carrying out this responsibility, there will be a compliance manager at the business unit (the Business Unit Compliance Manager ). The Business Unit Compliance Manager will report to both the Business Unit Head and to the Compliance
Officer. The Business Unit Compliance Manager will be responsible for implementing the Code of Business Conduct within the business unit . Scope of Code of Business Conduct The Compliance Officer shall periodically in light of the experience of the Company, review the Code of Business Conduct, and when necessary or desirable, make
recommendations to the Board of Directors: 

To ensure its continued conformance to applicable Law, 

To ensure that it meets or exceeds industry standards, and 

To ensure that any weaknesses revealed through monitoring, auditing and reporting systems are eliminated or corrected. Communication and Training To ensure the continued dissemination and communication of the Code of Business Conduct, the
Compliance Officer shall take, or cause to be taken, reasonable steps to communicate effectively the standards and procedures included in the Code of Business Conduct to employees and agents of the Company. The Compliance Officer also will be
responsible for adequate training programs designed to promote compliance with the Code of Business Conduct. 
 3 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Monitoring and Auditing The Compliance Officer shall take reasonable steps to monitor compliance with the Code of Business Conduct, including the establishment of
monitoring and auditing systems that are reasonably designed to detect conduct in violation of the Code of Business Conduct by employees and agents of the Company. 

To the extent so directed by the Compliance Officer, the information developed by the Company s independent accountants, in performing their engagement by the Company, and by
its internal auditors, in the performance of their assigned responsibilities, shall be made available to the Compliance Officer as a means of monitoring compliance with the Code of Business Conduct. 

To the extent so directed by the Compliance Officer, the results of the periodic health, safety, environmental and export/import compliance audits of the Company s facilities
shall be made available to the Compliance Officer as a means to monitor compliance with the Code of Business Conduct. Reporting System The Compliance Officer shall establish a reporting system that will allow violations of the Code of Business Conduct to be reported and acted upon by directors, officers or other employees of the Company with
sufficient authority to deal objectively with the reported matters. The existence and nature of the reporting system shall be communicated to all employees and, to the extent appropriate, to agents of the Company. It shall be a violation of this
Corporate Policy to intimidate or impose any form of retribution on any employee or agent who utilizes such reporting system in good faith to report suspected violations (except that appropriate action may be taken against such employee or agent if
such individual is one of the wrongdoers). It also shall be a violation of this Corporate Policy to submit a false or misleading report concerning a violation. 
 The Compliance Officer shall report to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, at least once each year, regarding the general effectiveness of the Code of
Business Conduct. Investigation of Violations If the Company receives information regarding an alleged violation of the Code of Business
Conduct, the Compliance Officer, or his or her designee, in consultation with the Law Department, shall investigate the alleged violation, and, as appropriate:: 

Evaluate such information as to gravity and credibility; 
 4 

Dresser Code of Conduct

Initiate an informal inquiry or a formal investigation with respect thereto; 

Develop recommendations as to the disposition of such matter; 

Make the findings and recommendations of such inquiry or investigation available to the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee or the Compliance Officer for action (including
disciplinary action); and/or 

Recommend changes in the Code of Business Conduct necessary or desirable to prevent further similar violations. The Company may disclose the results of any such investigations to law enforcement agencies.
 Disciplinary Measures The Company shall consistently enforce its Code of Business Conduct through appropriate
means of discipline. Any clear infraction of applicable laws, ethical standards, or the Company s policies will subject an employee to disciplinary action, which may include, but is not limited to, counseling, oral or written reprimands,
warnings, probation or suspension without pay, demotions, reductions in salary, termination of employment and restitution. Persons subject to disciplinary measures shall include, in addition to the violator, others involved in the wrongdoing such as: 

persons who fail to use reasonable care to detect or prevent a violation; 

persons who if requested to divulge information withhold material information regarding a violation; 

supervisors who approve or condone the violations or attempt to retaliate against employees or agents for reporting violations or violators. Documentation Subject to the applicable document retention program, the Company shall document its compliance efforts and results to evidence its
commitment to comply with the standards and procedures set forth above. 
 5 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Delegation of Substantial Discretionary Authority No employee of the Company shall delegate substantial discretionary authority to any
individual who such employee knows, or through the exercise of due diligence should know, has a propensity to engage in illegal activities. For this purpose, persons with substantial discretionary authority include: (i) High Level
Personnel, (ii) Individuals who exercise substantial supervisory authority, such as a plant manager or a sales manager, (iii) Purchasing agents, and (iv) Any other individuals who, although not a part of the Company s management, nevertheless
exercise substantial discretion when acting within the scope of their authority (for example, an individual with authority to negotiate or set price levels or an individual authorized to negotiate or approve significant contracts). Definitions As used in the Code of Business Conduct: 

Company means Dresser, Inc., a Delaware corporation, its business units, subsidiaries (within or outside the United States), and successors.

High Level Personnel means individuals who have substantial control over the Company or who have a substantial role in policymaking within the Company, including
directors, executive officers and individuals in charge of a major business or functional unit of the Company, such as sales, administration or finance. 

Laws means the laws, rules and regulations of governmental agencies and authorities. Equal Employment Opportunity - 01-002 Scope: This policy establishes and communicates the Company s policy regarding equal employment opportunity. Policy: In its hiring and promotion policies, the Company is committed to providing equal opportunity to all qualified individuals. The Company will
endeavor to create a workforce that is a reflection of the diverse population of the communities in which it operates. The Company will, in all of its operations and employment practices, comply with applicable law governing equal employment
opportunities to assure that there is no unlawful discrimination against any employee or applicant and/or harassment based on sex, race, ethnic background, religion, national origin or citizenship, age, ancestry, 
 
 6 

Dresser Code of Conduct

disability, marital status, veteran status or any other legally-protected categories. With respect to operations governed by United States law, this policy
relates to all phases of employment, including without limitation, recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, compensation, benefits, training, educational, social and recreational programs and the use of Company facilities. It covers all other personnel actions in all job categories and at all levels, including, but
not limited to, employment of qualified disabled individuals, disabled veterans and veterans of the Vietnam era. It is intended to provide employees with a working environment free of discrimination, harassment, intimidation or coercion relating
directly or indirectly to sex, race, ethnic background, religion, national origin or citizenship, age, ancestry, disability, marital status, veteran status or any other legally-protected category. Periodic reviews of personnel practices and actions are to be conducted by appropriate
employees to ensure compliance with applicable laws in this vitally important area of management responsibility. All members of management and employees shall actively support this Corporate Policy. Each Business Unit Head will publish an annual
reaffirmation of these principles to be posted at each company location. All actions and decisions taken by members of management and their subordinates shall be consistent with and in furtherance of this Corporate Policy. Contracts or sub-contracts
or purchase orders submitted to vendors must include a clause stating Dresser s equal opportunities policies. All employment advertisements and recruitment materials will contain the phrase An Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Procedure: An employee who believes he or she has been or is being subjected to discrimination should
bring this matter to the attention of his or her immediate supervisor, a department head, a Human Resources Department representative, the Dresser Dispute Resolution Ombudsman or a Law Department representative. An employee who believes
discrimination has occurred or is occurring should report such conduct to one of the above persons regardless of the position of the offending person (e.g., manager, supervisor, fellow employee, customer, etc.). If any supervisor or manager receives
a complaint of discrimination, the supervisor or manager shall report the complaint immediately to the Human Resources Department. Nothing in this policy requires any employee complaining of discrimination to present the matter to the person who is
the subject of the complaint. All complaints of discrimination will be
promptly investigated. The privacy of the persons involved will be protected, except to the extent necessary to conduct a proper investigation. If the investigation substantiates the complaint, immediate corrective action designed to stop the
discrimination and prevent its recurrence will be taken. Any employee who is determined to have engaged in such conduct may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. An employee who 
 
 7 

Dresser Code of Conduct

believes he or she has been or is being subjected to discrimination, or who believes he or she has observed discrimination, and who reports the matter
pursuant to this policy, shall not be retaliated against or adversely treated because of the making of the report. Other References: Corporate Policy No. 01-003 (Harassment) should be consulted. Harassment - 01-003 Scope:
 This policy establishes and communicates the Company s policy
prohibiting harassment. Policy: The Company believes that all employees should be treated with dignity and respect. It is
the policy of the Company to provide a work environment that is free from harassment. The Company prohibits all forms of harassment of or by its employees (including supervisors or other members of management), customers, clients, vendors,
contractors, delivery personnel and potential employees. It is the responsibility of every employee to cooperate in reaching this goal. Harassment is considered a serious act of misconduct and may subject an employee to disciplinary action up to and
including suspension and termination of employment. As used in this policy,
the term harassment means any unwelcome and/or offensive actions, remarks or behavior which interferes with a person s work performance or creates an intimidating or hostile work environment, or where such conduct is made, directly
or indirectly, a term or condition of employment, which is based upon an employee s or prospective employee s sex, race, ethnic background, religion, national origin or citizenship, age, ancestry, disability, marital status, veteran status
or any other category protected by law. Some examples of what may be considered harassment, depending upon the facts and circumstances, include the following: Verbal or Written Harassment Treating people differently because they fall within a category listed above; unwelcome, derogatory, suggestive or offensive comments; written letters; e-mails (or any
other such 
 
 8 

Dresser Code of Conduct

electronic transmissions) or phone calls; insults; jokes; teasing and/or threats regarding a person s sex, race, ethnic background, religion, national
origin or citizenship, age, ancestry, disability, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law, or other remarks that disparage people; pictures, cartoons, or other objects that are not appropriate for the workplace; or
making obscene or rude gestures. Physical Harassment
 Unwanted or unnecessary touching or blocking someone s movement;
hitting, pushing or other aggressive physical contact. Sexual
Harassment Unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and
other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature when: (1) submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of the individual s employment; (2) submission or rejection of such conduct by an individual is
used as the basis for employment decisions affecting such individual; or (3) such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual s work performance or creating an intimidating, hostile, or offensive work
environment, including, for example: 

Unwelcome or unwanted sexual advances 

Requests for sexual favors 

Threats or suggestions, either clear or unspoken, that a refusal of sexual advances will affect someone s employment. 

Favoring any applicant or employee because that person has performed or shown a willingness to perform sexual favors for a supervisor or manager. 

Sexual jokes, language, nicknames, labels, advances or propositions, whether in person, in writing, or in an e-mail or voice mail message (or any other electronic transmission)

Bringing to work sexually suggestive objects, pictures, computer images, drawings, posters or cartoons. 

Unwelcome touching. Sexual harassment can arise from the actions of supervisors, co-workers or clients and from people of the same or opposite sex. It is not

9 

Dresser Code of Conduct

considered harassment of any sort for supervisors and other members of management to enforce job performance and standards of conduct in a fair and
consistent manner. Procedure: Any employee who believes that he or she has been or is being harassed should consider
telling the offending party that he or she objects to that conduct. This often solves the problem. However, an employee who believes that he or she has been or is being harassed is not required to present the matter to the person who is allegedly
harassing him or her. If an employee is not comfortable confronting the
offending party (or if the offending party s unwelcome conduct continues), the employee should advise his or her immediate supervisor, a department head, a Human Resources Department representative, the Dresser Dispute Resolution Ombudsman or a
Law Department representative. An employee who believes that harassment has occurred or is occurring should report such conduct to one of the above persons regardless of the position of the offending person (e.g., manager, supervisor, fellow
employee, customer, etc.). If any supervisor or manager receives a complaint
of harassment, the supervisor or manager shall report the complaint immediately to the Human Resources Department. All such complaints will be investigated promptly and discreetly, and in as confidential a manner as possible. If the investigation
substantiates the complaint, immediate corrective action designed to stop the harassment and prevent its recurrence will be taken. Employees who are found to have violated the Company s policy against harassment will be subject to disciplinary
action at the discretion of the Company, up to and including suspension and termination of employment. Supervisors and other members of management who fail to report violations by others of which they become aware, will also be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including suspension and termination of
employment. Retaliation It is against the Company s policy and against the law for an employer or another
employee to get back at or react negatively toward an employee who: 

Complains of any act of harassment 

Provides information about any act of harassment 

Participates in the investigation of any harassment complaint 
 10 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 The Company will not tolerate retaliation by any employee. Any employee who thinks that he or she is being retaliated
against should follow the complaint procedure explained above. An individual who retaliates against another employee will be subject to severe disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. Other References: Corporate Policy 01-002 (Equal Employment Opportunity) should be consulted. Conflicts of Interest - 01-004 Scope: This policy establishes guidelines and procedures regarding timely and proper disclosure of possible conflicts of interests which an employee may have in connection with job duties and responsibilities, in order that
management may review and approve each situation as necessary to protect the best interests and responsibilities of the Company. Policy: It is each employee s responsibility to observe the highest standards of business ethics and to avoid any activity or financial interest that actually conflicts, might conflict or appears to conflict with the
interests of the Company or which otherwise reflects unfavorably or has an adverse impact on the integrity or reputation of the Company. It is critical for every employee to avoid actual, potential and apparent conflicts between the Company s
interests and those of the employee. Therefore, employees must avoid other employment or business activities, including personal investments, that interfere with their duties to the Company, divide their loyalty or create or appear to create a
conflict of interest. This includes any activity or interest that would or
could result in a personal financial interest that actually or potentially conflicts with the interests of the Company. Employees should immediately report to their manager any personal activity or involvement that might pose or result in an actual,
potential or apparent conflict of interest. Generally, any activity, interest or involvement of a member of an employee s immediate family is considered an activity, interest or involvement of the employee. The Company prohibits conflicts of
interest unless specifically approved by the Compliance Officer or his or her designee as provided below. The Company has always been 
 
 11 

Dresser Code of Conduct

concerned with outside business interests of its employees that might possibly conflict with the interests of the Company. While it is impossible to list every circumstance which could give rise to a possible
conflict of interest, there are certain situations which the Company will always consider to be conflicts of interest. These occur if the employee or any other person having a close personal relationship with the employee: 

Has or obtains a significant financial or other beneficial interest in one of the Company s suppliers, customers or competitors without first notifying the Company and
obtaining written approval from the Chief Executive Officer or his or her designee; 

Engages in any significant personal business transaction involving the Company for profit or gain, unless such transaction has first been approved in writing by the Chief Executive
Officer or his or her designee; 

Accepts money, gifts of more than nominal value, excessive hospitality, lavish entertainment, substantial favors, loans or other special treatment from any person or entity which
does or is seeking to do business with, or is a competitor of the Company (loans from lending institutions at prevailing interest rates are excluded) under circumstances from which it might be inferred that such action is intended to improperly
influence the employee in the performance of his or her duties for the Company. 

Participates in any sale, loan or gift of Company property without obtaining written approval from the Chief Executive Officer or his or her designee; or 

Learns of a business opportunity through association with the Company and discloses it to a third party or invests in the opportunity without first offering it to the Company; or

Is employed by or serves as a consultant, adviser, director or officer, or otherwise performs services for any outside concern which does business with, or is a competitor of, the
Company, unless such employment or service has been fully disclosed in writing to and approved by the Chief Executive Office or his or her designee. Person having a close personal relationship with the employee refers to the employee s spouse, parents, children, siblings,
mothers and fathers-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law, and brothers and sisters-in-law, any person living in the same home with the employee or any business associate of the employee. Outside directorships may create a conflict of interest
situation. 
 12 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 The use of Company property or obtaining of Company services for personal benefit may create a conflict of interest
situation. The Company shall have on file a certificate of compliance from each employee who can direct or influence the use or disposition of any significant amount of funds or other assets of the Company (hereinafter called key
employees ). The disclosure of a financial or other beneficial interest does not mean that the Company will deem it significant or substantial enough to be prohibited. Each case will be decided on an individual basis. The Human Resources
Department will ensure that all key employees submit annually a completed copy of a certificate of compliance. The head of Human Resources will be responsible for notifying the Chief Executive Officer and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors that such certificates are on file as well as for notifying the Chief
Executive Officer and the Committee when significant exceptions are reported. Procedure: A completed certificate of compliance will be
obtained annually from key employees. The completed certificates will, subject to the Company s policy on document retention, be retained on file in hard copy, electronic format, microfilm or other media as directed by the Human Resources
Department; and a written report setting forth any exceptions included in such reports will be furnished to the Chief Executive Officer no later than January 31 of each year. Certificates of compliance will be completed by all employees upon
becoming subject to the key employees standard stated in Policy paragraph 5 above. Supplemental and annual reports for such employees will be obtained as set forth in Procedure paragraph 1 above. The certificate of compliance selection
and reporting process will be reviewed annually by the Compliance Officer for adequacy and compliance with this policy. Results of the reporting process and the nature of significant exceptions, if any, will be communicated annually to the Chief
Executive Officer and to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors by the Compliance Officer. Internal Accounting Controls, Procedures and Records - 01-005 Scope: This policy establishes
guidelines and procedures related to keeping books and records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Company s transactions and dispositions of assets. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls to
ensure reliability and adequacy of its books and records and proper recording of all transactions including dispositions of assets. 
 13 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Policy: The Company has established and maintains a comprehensive system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that Company assets are protected against
loss and unauthorized use, that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and that accounting records provide reliable and accurate financial information in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. Authorization
 The only transactions to be entered into by the Company are those which
are executed in accordance with management s specific authorization or established formalized policies and procedures. No secret or unreported funds or assets should be created or maintained for any purpose. Approval No transaction will be recorded in the accounts of the Company unless it is within the scope of written policies and procedures or is
specifically and formally approved by an appropriate and designated employee. Such approval requires the determination that the transaction: a. has been authorized in accordance with this Corporate Policy and; b. is supported by documentary evidence
to verify the validity of the transaction. Accounting
 All transactions entered into by the Company will be recorded in the
accounts of the Company in accordance with the Company Accounting Policies and Procedures as set forth in the Company s Operations Manual. Each entry will be coded into an account that accurately and fairly reflects the true nature of the
transaction. No one should make an entry on the Company s books and records, or fail to make a required entry, that intentionally hides or disguises the true nature of any transaction or Company action. Moreover, any deliberate falsification of
documents or records is strictly prohibited. Reporting
 All transactions that have been accounted for in accordance with this
Corporate Policy will be accumulated and processed in a manner which will permit preparation of financial statements, reports and data for purposes of internal, public and regulatory reporting. Such statements, reports and data must be in a form
sufficient to reflect accurately and fairly the results of transactions entered into by the Company and to permit proper accountability for assets. 
 14 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Responsibility The implementation and maintenance of internal accounting controls, procedures and records that are adequate in all respects to satisfy the requirements of this Corporate
Policy will be the primary responsibility of the Chief Accounting Officer. Auditing Compliance with the provisions and requirements of
this Corporate Policy will be tested and evaluated by the head of Internal Audit in connection with the on-going internal audit program. All control failures regarding this Corporate Policy will be reported to management so that deficiencies can be
corrected and assurance of compliance with the terms of this Corporate Policy maintained. Document Retention Employees must
follow Company policy regarding the retention, disposal or destruction of any company records or files. Various laws and regulations require the Company to retain certain documents for specific periods of time. The Company s document policy
applies both to written documents and electronic documents on computer discs and servers. If an Employee has any questions concerning the Company s policies with respect to document retention, he/she should consult with his/her supervisor and
the Law Department. When litigation or an investigation is pending, relevant records and documents must not be destroyed. In such circumstances, any non-routine destruction of a document to prevent its disclosure may be unlawful, and could lead to
criminal prosecution. If an employee is concerned about any document, he/she should consult the Law Department. Procedure: The head of Internal Audit will continuously evaluate its internal accounting controls, procedures and records to ensure compliance with the requirements of this Corporate Policy. Such evaluation will be documented in
a form suitable for inspection by outside parties, such as regulatory authorities, if the need arises. The Company will take action to remedy any deficiency in internal accounting controls, procedures and records to ensure continuing compliance with
the requirements of this Corporate Policy. The head of Internal Audit, will
ascertain that the Company s audit scope, procedures and programs are adequate: for the purpose of testing and evaluating internal accounting controls, procedures and records and; for complete reporting of deficiencies in internal accounting
controls, procedures and records. On or before March 31 of each year, the head of Internal Audit will prepare a written summary applicable to the preceding fiscal year which sets forth an evaluation of the Company s internal accounting
controls, 
 
 15 

Dresser Code of Conduct

procedures and records. Such a summary will consider the head of Internal Audit s overall evaluation and results of audits performed during the year,
internal and external. For deficiencies noted in the evaluation, remedial action in progress or contemplated will be set forth in the summary. The summary will be addressed to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The head of Internal Audit will, on an annual basis, report to the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors on the adequacy of internal accounting controls, procedures and records. Employees should report any violations of this Policy, including but not limited to falsification of records, to their supervisor, their Business Unit
Compliance Manager, the Ethics Compliance Line or the Law Department. Other References: Corporate Policy 01-006 (Sensitive
Transactions and Commercial Bribery) should be consulted. Sensitive
Transactions and Commercial Bribery - 01-006 Scope: This policy advises employees and agents of the Company regarding sensitive transactions and
requires that transactions are executed, and access to assets is permitted, only in accordance with management s authorization. This policy prohibits the payment or transfer of company funds or assets to suppliers or customers in the form of
bribes, kickbacks or other payoffs. Policy: All employees and agents will conduct the Company s business in compliance with
applicable law and will avoid any activities that could involve the Company in any unlawful practice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company s personnel are strictly prohibited from paying any bribe, kickback or other
similar unlawful payment to, or otherwise entering into a sensitive transaction with, any public official, political party or official, candidate for public office or other individual, in any country, to secure any contract, concession or other
favorable treatment for the Company. Company personnel who make such payments are subject to appropriate action by the Company, as well as the legal consequences of applicable law. The term sensitive transactions is commonly used to describe a broad range of corporate dealings that are generally considered
to be illegal, unethical, immoral or to reflect adversely on the integrity of management. The transactions are usually in the nature of kickbacks, bribes or payoffs made in order to influence favorably some decision affecting a company s
business or for the personal gain of an individual. Any 
 
 16 

Dresser Code of Conduct

extraordinary payment made from Company funds, including extravagant entertainment or gifts of significant value, for the express purpose of obtaining or
retaining business or unduly influencing some matter in favor of the Company could be considered a sensitive payment. These payments may be considered to be bribes and may result in violation of applicable law. Sensitive transactions may result in violation of United States federal laws
such as domestic anti-bribery laws, mail fraud and wire fraud statutes, anti-racketeering statutes and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), as well as state laws or laws of other countries in which a subsidiary company has
operations. If violations occur, the Company and its officers and directors, as well as employees directly involved, may be subject to fines, imprisonment and civil litigation. Bribes, kickbacks and payoffs include, but are not limited to:

Gifts of other than nominal value. 

Cash payments by employees or third persons, such as agents, suppliers, customers or consultants, who are reimbursed by the Company. 

The uncompensated use of Company services, facilities or property except as may be authorized by the Company. 

Loans, loan guarantees or other extensions of credit (except from lending institutions at prevailing rates). 

Making a payment on behalf of the Company with the intention or understanding that any part of such payment is to be used for a purpose other than that described by the documents
supporting the payment. 

Offering or agreeing to offer employment to an employee or agent of a customer for the purpose of influencing that customer to use the Company s services or otherwise to favor
the Company. The Company also prohibits employees and agents from receiving, directly or indirectly from a third party, anything of a significant value (other than salary, wages or other ordinary compensation paid by the Company) in connection with
a transaction entered into by the Company. When an employee receives a gift or payment that violates this policy, he/she should notify the Law Department immediately. Whenever an employee is unclear whether a gift is prohibited by this policy,
he/she should consult with the Human Resources or Law Department before accepting or making such a gift. The Company is registered and its bonds are traded in accordance with United States federal securities laws and with rules and regulations promulgated by the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Therefore, the Company is subject to 
 
 17 

Dresser Code of Conduct

certain disclosure requirements and is required to disclose to the public all material information relating to its business affairs and financial condition
and conduct which is deemed to reflect on the integrity of its management. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA directly addresses offers to pay and payments made to officials of foreign governments. Under this law, the Company
and its employees and agents may not make payments to, or on behalf of, or give anything of value to: a foreign official, including any person acting in an official capacity for a foreign government or a public international organization; a foreign
political party official or political party; or a candidate for foreign political office, in any such case, for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of these officials in their official capacity or in violation of their lawful duties or to
secure any improper advantage in order to help a company obtain or retain business or direct business to any person. The FCPA also prohibits the offering or paying of anything of value to any person if it is known that all or part of the payment
will be given to a government official, agency, political candidate or political party. For purposes of compliance with this policy, employees of government owned corporations are to be considered foreign officials and, subject only to lawful facilitating payments referred to below; any payment to such person to
influence a matter in favor of the Company shall be prohibited. The Company may be asked to make facilitating or expediting payments to an official or employee of a government outside the United States, the purpose of which is to expedite or to
secure the performance of routine governmental action by such government official or employee. In very limited circumstances, such facilitating payments may not be illegal under the FCPA or local law. In any event, it may be difficult to distinguish
a legal facilitating payment from an illegal bribe, kickback or payoff. Accordingly, facilitating payments must be strictly controlled and every effort must be made to eliminate or minimize such payments. Facilitating payments, if required, will be
made only in accordance with the advance guidance of the Law Department. Any facilitating payments must be recorded accurately and fairly as such in the accounting records of the Company. Violations of the recordkeeping requirements of the FCPA are
punished severely. Other References: Corporate Policy 01-001 (General Policy Regarding Laws and Business Conduct) should be
consulted. Corporate Policy 01-015 (Defalcation, Misappropriation and Similar Irregularities (Fraud)) should be consulted International Business Relationships - 01-007 Scope: This policy covers certain business relationships that involve activities outside the United States on the part of the Company International Business Relationships ). 
 18 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Policy: Certain types of international business relationships can, if not entered into or conducted in accordance with Company procedures and guidelines, expose the Company to
misuse of its assets and the imposition of severe civil and/or criminal penalties. Moreover, the Company may be held accountable in the U.S. and/or foreign jurisdictions for actions taken by agents and others on its behalf. Among the areas of
concern for the Company are compliance with export control regulations, United States and other national government restrictions on trading, and compliance with the requirements of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar laws or
regulations in other countries. The selection of persons with whom the Company may join in an International Business Relationship shall be subject to careful consideration by appropriate management of the Company after an investigation, reasonable
under the circumstances, with respect to such persons and the proposed arrangements with such persons. International Business Relationships include the following: the employment of an agent, consultant, sponsor or any other third party (individual, partnership, corporation or unincorporated entity) to assist the
Company in obtaining contracts, work on projects, personnel visas, import licenses, facilities or other matters in a particular country or region; entering into an agreement or arrangement pursuant to which a third party not only obtains an equity
interest in a business or an entity in which the Company also owns an interest or a share of the profits from any contracts or work performed by the Company, and entering into any other agreement pursuant to which any third party or parties may act
on behalf of the Company, i.e., the third party or parties are not operating an independent business, but have some agency function. The terms and provisions of all proposed agreements with respect to International Business Relationships, including all proposed material amendments thereto, shall be
subject to review and approval: 1) the head of the relevant business unit or his/her designee; and 2) the Law Department prior to commencement of negotiations and execution and delivery of such agreements or material amendments. The lawyers in the
Law Department and the appropriate business unit manager shall ensure that the Company employees involved in the negotiations are properly trained to recognize and reject courses of conduct which place the Company at risk, and that the agreements
contain language, appropriate to the circumstances, sufficient to give the Company reasonable assurance that the other party or parties to the agreement will abide by Company policies. In carrying out this Policy, the Company shall give consideration to such matters as the reputation of the proposed parties to an
International Business Relationship, their familial or other connections with the local government, the necessity of the services to be rendered by such persons, the reasonableness of their fees or other compensation in light of those services and
the fees paid to other persons in the area for similar services, any 
 
 19 

Dresser Code of Conduct

local legal requirements to utilize an agent for such services, the employment of such persons by other corporations operating in the area, the employment of
such persons by affiliates of the Company, the location at which, and the currency in which, fees or other compensation is to be paid to such persons, any local legal requirements, including taxes and foreign currency exchange controls, regarding
the payment of fees or other compensation to such persons, and the business and cultural environment in which such persons will render such services. Procedure: Once the Company decides to pursue an International Business Relationship, and prior to entering into any significant negotiations, a memorandum, or, in the case of an international sales representative or
distributor, a foreign sales data form, shall be prepared and signed by the appropriate business unit managers, including approval of the Business Unit Head, and shall then be submitted to the Law Department for review and approval. 
 This memorandum or form shall describe the parties involved, the recommended
relationship, the geographic location or limits, and such other factors deemed relevant, including any pertinent information necessary to ensure that the Company is adequately performing a due diligence investigation of such third party. After legal
review of the proposed relationship is completed, the business manager may proceed with negotiations, provided that he/she obtains the necessary input from the Law, Insurance, Tax, Human Resources, Accounting and Treasury Departments. If negotiations are brought to a successful conclusion, the definitive agreement shall either
be prepared by or approved by the Law Department prior to execution. In preparing or reviewing the definitive agreement, consideration will be given to whether compliance with applicable laws and the Code of Business Conduct, including this policy
for International Business Relationships, will be a requirement of the agreement. Other References: Corporate Policy
01-006 (Sensitive Transactions and Commercial Bribery) should be consulted. Corporate Policy 01-010 (Export Administration and International Economic Sanctions) should be consulted. Corporate Policy 01-011 (Boycotts Outside the United States) should be consulted. 
 20 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Use and Public Disclosure of Inside Information - 01-008 Scope: This policy establishes consistent guidelines for contacts with investors as well as for compliance with United States federal statutes and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC regarding the use and public disclosure of inside information. Discussion: There are laws, rules and regulations regarding the use and public disclosure of corporate inside information. Their purpose is to protect the integrity of the capital markets and to assure that insiders do not profit
from information not available to the investing public. In general, it is a violation of the law for any person to buy or sell securities if he or she is in possession of material inside information relating to those securities. Information is material if it could affect a reasonable person s decision
whether to buy, sell or hold securities. Information is inside information if it has not been publicly disclosed. It is also illegal for any person in possession of material inside information to provide anyone else with such information
or to recommend that they buy or sell securities. (This is called tipping. In such case, both the person who provides and the person who receives the information and trades on it may be held liable. Corporate matters which may
constitute material inside information include, without limitation, negotiations regarding acquisitions and mergers, sales and earnings information, arrangements preparatory to an exchange or tender offer, changes in dividend rates,
calls for redemption, new contracts, products or discoveries and other important corporate developments. A violation of the insider trading laws can expose a person to criminal fines of up to three times the profits earned (or losses avoided) and imprisonment for up to ten years, in addition to civil penalties of up to
three times the profits earned (or losses avoided) and injunctive relief. The securities laws also subject controlling persons to civil penalties for illegal insider trading by employees. Controlling persons include the Company and may also include
its directors, officers and supervisory personnel. These persons may be subject to fines up to the greater of 1,000,000 or three times the profits earned (or losses avoided) by the inside trader. If material inside information becomes or threatens
to become known to outsiders, the corporation is required to make prompt disclosure of such information to the public. However, where it is possible to confine formal or informal discussions to a small group of the top management of the company or
companies involved and their individual confidential advisors, and where adequate security can be maintained, premature public announcements may properly be avoided. Policy: This Policy applies to all directors, employees and agents of the Company. 
 21 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 General Disclosure Policy The Company will make full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure of material information in reports and documents that it
files with, or submits to, the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company when and as required by law and/or the rules of the SEC. Determinations regarding materiality involve subjective judgments; therefore, the General
Counsel and the Chief Financial Officer will, in the case of doubt, make a determination as to materiality . Trading while in Possession of Nonpublic Information 

Nondisclosure: Material inside information must not be disclosed to anyone other than persons within the Company whose positions require them to know the information until it has been
publicly released by the Company. Generally, it is inadvisable for directors, employees and agents to comment regarding Company matters which could be considered material or make recommendations regarding the purchase or sale of its securities
because of the risk that their comments may be misconstrued due to their relationship with the Company. 

Trading in Company Securities: No director, employee or agent shall trade in (including employee benefit plan transactions), or recommend that another person trade in, the Company s securities
when he or she has knowledge of material inside information concerning the Company not yet disclosed to the public. Trading and recommending trading is prohibited until the third business day after the information has been publicly released.

Trading in Other Securities: No director, employee or agent shall place a purchase or sale order, or recommend that another person place a purchase or sale order, in the securities of another company
(or related derivative securities, such as put or call options) if the director, employee or agent is in possession of material inside information about the other company. For example, it would be a violation of this Policy and law if an employee
learned through Company sources that the Company intended to purchase another company, and then bought or sold stock in that other company because of the likely increase or decrease in the value of its securities. 
 22 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Equal Access No preferential treatment will be given to any shareholder, potential investor or security analyst; therefore, the release to any such person of any material financial or
operating data relating to the Company must be available to all such persons. Forecasts If appropriate safe harbor disclosures
are made, then advance revenue and profit trends may be forecasted in general terms. It is the Company s policy, however, not to make any specific public projections of future operating results unless such forecast is specifically approved by
the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or General Counsel. Authority to Release No financial data regarding the Company
will be released to the public except as authorized, specifically or generally, by the Chief Financial Officer. Analysts Due to the sensitive nature of investor relations and federal regulations relating thereto, all interviews with shareholders, potential investors and security analysts must be coordinated through the head of
Communications. Procedure When leaks of material inside information are suspected, rumored or discovered, such
information must be reported immediately to the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and the General Counsel. All announcements and news releases subject to statutes and regulations herein discussed must be coordinated between the
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and head of Communications. If a director, employee or agent desiring to purchase or sell any Company securities is uncertain as to his or her responsibilities hereunder, such person
should contact the Law Department for counsel in this regard. Information of a Confidential or Proprietary Nature - 01-009 Scope: In carrying out the Company s business,
directors, employees and agents often learn confidential or proprietary information belonging to the company or the Company s customers, suppliers, joint venture partners or others with which it does business. This policy prohibits the
unauthorized disclosure of such information. 
 23 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Policy: No director, employee or agent entrusted with or otherwise knowledgeable about Company information of a confidential or proprietary nature shall disclose that information
outside the Company, either during or after employment or other service to the Company, without written Company authorization to do so. The Company also works with joint venture partners , suppliers and customers confidential and/or
proprietary information. The protection of such information is mandatory. No director, employee or agent shall disclose confidential or proprietary information of such partners, suppliers or customers with the Company other than to Company
directors, employees and agents who need to know the same. All employees shall be required to sign at time of employment a proprietary information agreement that restricts disclosure of proprietary, trade secret and certain other information about
the Company, its joint venture partners, suppliers and customers. This Policy prohibiting disclosure applies to all directors, employees and agents without regard to whether any such agreements have previously been signed. Other References: Corporate Policy 01-008 (Use and Public Disclosure of Inside
Information) should be consulted. Export Administration and 
 International Economic Sanctions - 01-010 Scope: This policy provides guidelines for compliance with the requirements of United States export administration and international sanctions laws and regulations, the requirements of export licenses issued by the United
States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of State, the United States Department of the Treasury and other agencies, that require the Company to have an effective and comprehensive internal control program to monitor compliance
with the applicable regulations. Policy: The Company will comply with the United States Export Administration Act EAA and the Export Administration Regulations promulgated thereunder EAR the Arms Export Control Act AECA and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations promulgated thereunder (the ITARS legislation and
regulations to implement international economic sanctions involving particular countries, including regulations promulgated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury; any subsequent laws and regulations of similar
effect to the foregoing; any other export laws and regulations as from time to time may be in force; and the terms and conditions 
 
 24 

Dresser Code of Conduct

of any license issued pursuant thereto. No business will shall be transacted, within or outside the United States, nor any item exported in contravention of
the foregoing. Each employee and agent of the Company shall comply with the EAA and the EAR, the AECA and ITARs, international economic sanctions and all other export administration laws and regulations, and all applicable rules, systems and
procedures issued and established to comply with this policy. There shall be no exception to this policy, nor shall it be compromised or qualified by anyone acting for or on behalf of the Company. Procedure: The employees and agents of the Company shall comply with all applicable export/import laws and regulations, including those described above
and any licenses issued thereunder. The Compliance Officer, through the Company s Export/Import Manager, is responsible for the proper design and implementation of the Company s export/import compliance efforts, including adequate
training, to achieve this result. Each business unit of the Company shall have
an export/import manager (the Business Unit Export/Import Manager who shall report to both the Company s Export/Import Manager and to the applicable Business Unit Compliance Manager. Each Business Unit Export/Import Manager will be
responsible for the Company s export/import compliance efforts within his or her business unit. The Company s Export/Import Manager will monitor the effectiveness of such compliance efforts and will report any failures to the Compliance
Officer and the applicable Business Unit Compliance Manager. Any employee or
agent having a question on matters having possible implications under export/import laws and regulations shall refer the question to the appropriate Business Unit Export/Import Manager or the Company s Export/Import Manager. Employees and agents are expected to report any actual or potential violations of these laws
and regulations to the Business Unit Export/Import Manager, the Company s Export/Import Manager, the Compliance Officer, the Law Department or the Ethics Compliance Line. Other References: Corporate Policy 01-011 (Boycotts Outside the United States) should be consulted. 
 26 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Boycotts Outside the United States - 01-011 Scope: This policy provides guidelines for compliance with United States federal laws regarding participation or cooperation in boycotts outside the United States. Certain
United States federal laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Act and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations thereunder, require the Company not to participate in certain activities (even though required by the laws
of another country in which the Company operates or to which it sells goods or services) which have the effect of boycotting or furthering another country s boycott of United States businesses and/or those of countries friendly to the United
States. In addition, these laws and regulations require that the Company not furnish certain information as to the identity or nationality of its directors, employees, officers, shareholders, subcontractors and suppliers or as to the presence or
absence of Company operations or business dealings in or with countries subject to a boycott where such information is requested in furtherance of the boycott. Finally, these laws require the Company to report the receipt of boycott related requests
whether or not the Company complies with the requests. Policy:
 The Company will sell its products and services only where permitted
under the applicable laws of the countries in which the Company operates. The Company shall, in the conduct of its business, comply with the applicable laws of the United States regarding boycotts. Procedure: The Company shall maintain a continuing program to keep its employees and agents advised of the applicable provisions of the laws and
regulations dealing with participation in boycotts and of the provisions of this policy. Any action that may require a report to a governmental agency in compliance with a boycott request, even though such action is not prohibited by law or
applicable regulations and does not invoke any tax sanctions, must be cleared in advance with the Law Department and the Company s Export/Import Manager. Neither the Company nor any of its employees or agents shall take any action that will
violate the laws or regulations dealing with participation in boycotts. Other References: Corporate Policy 01-010 (Export
Administration and Internal Economic Sanctions) should be consulted. Corporate Policy 01-001 (General Policy Regarding Laws and Business Conduct) should be consulted with respect to discrimination. 
 26 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Political Contributions - 01-012 Scope: The Company encourages participation in the political process by its employees. The United States federal government, some states and some other countries have, however,
enacted laws regulating campaign contributions in order to limit the political influence of certain types of contributors, such as corporations. This policy sets forth certain rules regarding Company and employee contributions to political
candidates and participation in political campaigns. Policy:
 The Company will comply with applicable laws regulating political
influence and campaign contributions. The Company believes strongly in the democratic political process and that its directors, officers, employees and agents should take an active interest in fostering principles of good government in the nations,
states and communities in which they live. Employees may spend their own time and funds supporting political candidates and issues but they will not be reimbursed by the Company in any way for such time or funds used for political contributions.
Employees are urged to be sure that their personal political contributions and activities are in compliance with applicable law. For example, persons who are not United States citizens are not permitted to make political contributions to candidates
in federal, state or local elections in the United States. Other countries also have laws regulating political contributions. No employee or agent shall apply any pressure, direct or implied, on any other employee that infringes upon an
individual s right to decide whether, to whom and in what amount a personal political contribution is to be made. Employees and agents who represent the Company in political and governmental matters must comply with all laws that regulate corporate participation in public affairs.
Under various statutes, certain conduct, which is permitted and encouraged for individuals, is prohibited on the part of corporations. It is the Company s policy to comply fully with these prohibitions. Complex laws govern campaign
contributions by corporations. Generally speaking, a corporation may not make
campaign contributions. Further, it is unlawful and/or against the Company s policy to give or accept a bribe or unlawful gratuity in connection with a domestic or foreign election or political party; make a contribution or expenditure in the
Company s name or on its behalf in connection with a domestic or foreign election or political party, except in accordance with a plan approved by the Chief Executive Officer, or his/her designee that has received the relevant assurances from
the Law Department that such a contribution is legal and proper under all applicable laws and regulations; submit false, incomplete or misleading reports to 
 
 27 

Dresser Code of Conduct

government entities charged with the administration and enforcement of the campaign finance laws; or use any funds or assets of the Company for political
contributions of any kind or in any form, including providing indirect assistance such as furnishing goods, services or equipment to candidates, political parties or committees and purchasing tickets for fund raising events including dinners, or
purchasing advertising space in political publications. When permitted by law
and authorized by the Chief Executive Officer or his or her designee, Company funds and facilities may be used to provide the needed administrative support for the operation of Political Action Committees or political action programs, the purposes
of which include the disbursement of financial contributions made by certain employees, stockholders and/or others to political parties or candidates. No Company funds, facilities or other property will be used for anything other than administrative
support of such a committee. When permitted by law, and authorized by the Chief Executive Officer or his or her designee, expenditures of Company funds may be made to inform or influence the voting public on an issue of importance to the business of
the Company and its stockholders. Procedure: If an employee is requested to make a political contribution or to provide assistance on
behalf of the Company, whether personal or corporate, and such employee has any questions regarding this Policy or applicable law, the employee should consult with the Law Department. Other References: Corporate Policy 01-006 (Sensitive Transactions and Commercial Bribery) should be consulted. Antitrust and Competition Laws - 01-013 Scope: This policy provides guidelines for compliance with all applicable antitrust and competition laws. Policy: The Company will comply in all respects with applicable antitrust and competition laws. Compliance with all antitrust and competition laws
is critical to Dresser and every 
 
 28 

Dresser Code of Conduct

member of Dresser s management team. It is imperative that all employees understand and comply with such laws and these guidelines. It is each
employee s responsibility to understand and comply with Dresser s antitrust guidelines, and management will facilitate and ensure complete comprehension and understanding through appropriate antitrust compliance training materials and
periodic audits. These guidelines represent Dresser s commitment not just to meet, but also to exceed, the requirements of the law, and any conduct violative of the guidelines is by definition outside of the employee s authority.
Accordingly, Dresser will strictly enforce these guidelines through disciplinary action that may include demotion, suspension, or termination. All employees are expected to adhere to the following guidelines: 

No employee or agent of the Company shall enter into any understanding, agreement, plan or scheme, express or implied, formal or informal, with any competitor in regard to prices,
terms or conditions of sale or service, production, distribution, territories or customers. 

No employee or agent of the Company shall exchange or discuss with a competitor prices, terms or conditions of sale or service, production, or customers. 

No employee shall participate in any exclusionary or predatory conduct, e.g., predatory below cost pricing, that may harm or destroy competition. 

No employee or agent of the Company shall engage in any conduct which violates any applicable antitrust or competition laws, which all employees or agents will learn about through
Company training materials and guidelines. 

When in doubt, employees must consult with the Law Department. For example, any discussion with competitors in connection with a project in which the competitor is an alliance
partner, joint venturer, or subcontractor must be cleared and coordinated with the Law Department prior to any such discussion. 

Each employee and agent responsible for the conduct or practices of the Company which may involve the application of the antitrust or competition laws should consult with and be
guided by the advice of the Law Department. Any questions on matters having possible antitrust or competition implications will be referred to the Law Department prior to taking any action with respect to such matters. 

There shall be no exception to this policy, nor shall it be compromised or qualified by anyone acting for or on behalf of the Company. 
 29 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Procedure: The Company shall establish internal procedures and controls as appropriate to implement the provisions of this policy, including without limitation the preparation and
appropriate distribution of antitrust and competition compliance training materials designed to aid the Company s employees and agents in fulfilling their responsibilities in antitrust and competition matters. Other References: Corporate Policy 01-001 (General Policy Regarding Laws and Business Conduct) should be consulted. Health, Safety and Environment - 01-014 Scope: This policy establishes and communicates the Company s policy concerning the protection of the health and safety of the Company s
employees and other persons affected by the Company s business activities and protection of the environment with respect to the Company s business activities and operations. Policy: The Company will comply with all applicable laws, regulations and relevant industry standards of practice concerning protection of health
and safety of its employees in the work place and other persons affected by its business activities, and concerning the prevention of pollution and protection of the environment. Protection of employee health, safety, and the environment, and the
prevention of pollution are primary goals of the Company. The management of the Company shall take such actions as are reasonable and necessary to achieve such goals and carry out this policy. All employees of the Company will conduct their duties
and responsibilities in a manner that is compatible with achieving these goals and carrying out this policy. The Company will work with its employees, clients, contractors, and suppliers, partners and customers and with the communities in which it
operates in order to achieve these goals and carry out these policies. Procedure: The Company, under the guidance of the
Company s Health, Safety and Environment Committee HSE Committee ), shall implement this Corporate policy. The HSE Committee may establish such procedures and guiding principles as it deems necessary to carry out this policy. The
HSE Committee shall establish and maintain self-assessment 
 
 30 

Dresser Code of Conduct

and audit programs sufficient to provide management of the Company with reports and other information concerning the Company s compliance with this
policy. The Chief Executive Officer shall designate a senior manager of the
Company as its Chief Health, Safety and Environment Manager Chief HSE Manager ). The Chief HSE Manager shall oversee the administration of this Corporate policy and shall make such recommendations to the HSE Committee as he or she shall
deem appropriate to carry out such policy and achieve its goals. The Chief HSE Manager shall report to the Chief Executive Officer at least once each year concerning the Company s compliance with this Corporate policy and the activities
administered by the Chief HSE Manager. Embezzlement,
Misappropriation and Similar Irregularities (Fraud) - 01-015 Scope:
 This policy establishes and communicates the Company s policy
regarding the prohibition, recognition, reporting and investigation of suspected fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation and other similar irregularities. 
 Policy: The Company prohibits all Fraud (as defined below). Situations involving suspected Fraud shall be reported to the head of Internal Audit or the Law Department. All fraud investigations will be conducted under the
authorization and direction of the Law Department. The Company s General Counsel shall be notified of suspected significant Fraud (more than 50,000 of estimated loss), and, without regard to the amount of loss, any Fraud involving an officer
of the Company. Fraud investigations (involving more than 50,000 of estimated loss), and any Fraud, involving an officer of the Company, will be reported to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Definitions The term Fraud as used in this policy includes, but is not limited to, embezzlement, misappropriation and other irregularities
including such things as: Committing dishonest or fraudulent act(s); Engaging in embezzlement; Forging or altering negotiable instruments such as Company checks and drafts; Misappropriating assets of the Company, an employee, customer, partner, or
supplier; Converting to personal use cash, securities, supplies or any other Company asset; Establishing or maintaining, for any purpose, an undisclosed or unrecorded bank account or other fund or asset of the Company; Unauthorized handling or
reporting of Company transactions; and Making 
 
 31 

Dresser Code of Conduct

false, artificial or misleading entries into Company records or financial statements. The above list is not all-inclusive but intended to be representative
of situations involving fraud. Fraud may be perpetrated not only by Company employees, but also by agents and other outside parties as well. All such situations require specific action by the Company, which may include both termination of employment
or other relationship with the Company and prosecution by the Company. Other References: Corporate Policy 01-001 (General Policy
Regarding Laws and Business Conduct) should be consulted. Corporate Policy 01-006 (Sensitive Transactions and Commercial Bribery) should also be consulted. United States Federal Government Contracting - 01-016 Scope: This policy establishes standards, including nonconformance reporting guidelines, to ensure that the Company complies with federal regulations applicable to United States
governmental contracts. Policy: The Company will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to United States
governmental contracts. All employees involved in the performance of work under governmental contracts are to be adequately informed and sufficiently trained in the policies and practices contained in this Code of Business Conduct and any other
Company policies specifically relating to government contracting. Each business unit with contracts with the United States government is responsible for ensuring that employee training regarding these policies is conducted and that such training is
properly documented. 
 32 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Procedure: Reporting Nonconformance The Company will take appropriate and timely action to correct any violations of United States governmental standards. If an employee has a question concerning the
propriety of a transaction, the employee must report the transaction to his or her immediate supervisor. If the supervisor finds the question to have substance, the supervisor must report the transaction to the General Counsel or his or her
designee. The supervisor must advise the employee of the action the supervisor has taken. If the employee disagrees with the supervisor or if the employee is not comfortable reporting the transaction to the supervisor, the employee may contact the
General Counsel or his or her designee directly. Cost and Pricing
Data on Proposals When cost and pricing data are required to be submitted
in order to respond to a government solicitation, the cost and pricing data must be current, accurate and complete at the time of submission. All costs are to be properly recorded, documented and retained in compliance with United States federal
procurement regulations. Each business unit doing business with the United States government must invoice the government in strict compliance with United States governmental cost principles and other United States federal regulations. 
 Proprietary and Security Issues Many United States governmental projects in which the Company participates may involve
classified or proprietary materials or information. In these projects, the Company will comply with all United States government security regulations in order to prevent unauthorized access, distribution, or use of any classified information.
 Employment of Former Military, United States Department of Defense,
or Other Federal Employees The Company will comply with applicable United
States federal statutes and regulations governing the employment of former United States military, Department of Defense, or other federal employees. When the Company contemplates hiring a former United States governmental employee or engaging the
employee as a consultant, the responsible business unit manager shall consult with the Law Department for guidance as to the proper lawful procedures that must be observed. Substance Abuse - 01-017 Scope: This policy establishes and communicates the Company s policy regarding substance abuse. 
 33 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Policy: The Company is committed to protecting the health, safety and welfare of our employees and to promoting quality and efficiency in the workplace by providing a work
environment that is free of substance abuse. In doing so, we recognize that employees have a right to privacy and do not intend to regulate purely private employee conduct away from the job. At the same time, employees must recognize that conduct
off the job can have an effect on the job and that off-duty activity cannot be permitted to undermine safe work practices or the attainment of the highest standards of quality in our products and services. Under no circumstances may an employee
report to work, operate a Company vehicle, perform assigned duties or engage in Company business, whether or not on Company property, while under the influence of alcohol, illegal drugs or controlled substances. Employees are further prohibited from using, selling, purchasing, manufacturing, possessing
or distributing illegal drugs or controlled substances while on Company property, conducting Company business or using a Company vehicle. An employee who violates these rules will be subject to disciplinary action, including immediate dismissal.
Further, employees should be aware that the Company may also inform the police or drug enforcement agencies if there is a suspicion that illegal drugs or controlled substances are being sold, bought, possessed, used, manufactured or distributed on
Company property or during Company business. The policy does not prohibit
employees from working while taking certain over-the-counter drugs, or prescription drugs that are being used as prescribed by a licensed physician, provided that the use of such properly prescribed prescription or over-the-counter drugs does not
prevent the employee from performing the essential functions of his or her job or present a direct threat to the health or safety of the employee or others in the workplace. Further, if an employee is aware that his or her use of a properly
prescribed or over-the-counter medication is likely to alter his or her senses or impair his or her ability to perform on the job, the employee should promptly report those facts to his or her supervisor. Failure to do so may result in disciplinary
action. The comprehensive substance abuse policy of the Company and/or each
employee s Business Unit may require drug or alcohol testing when there is a reasonable suspicion to believe that an employee is under the influence of alcohol or an unauthorized substance. Reasonable suspicion may include situations where an
employee appears to be under the influence of alcohol or an unauthorized substance, is experiencing work performance problems or abnormal behavior that may be related to alcohol or substance abuse, or is otherwise demonstrating conduct in violation
of this policy. Reasonable suspicion testing may also be performed if the
presence of alcohol or unauthorized substances are discovered in the employee s possession or near the 
 
 34 

Dresser Code of Conduct

employee s workplace or person. In the event an employee refuses to take any drug or alcohol test in accordance with this policy, the employee shall be
subject to disciplinary action, including discharge. Supervisors or managers who suspect that an employee is under the influence of alcohol or drugs, or is selling, buying, manufacturing, distributing, in possession of or using illegal drugs or
controlled substances while on Company property or while conducting Company business should immediately contact a Human Resources Department representative. Because the Company recognizes that alcoholism and drug addiction can be treated, depending
upon the circumstances, treatment may be an option as long as the employee cooperates with the treatment program. For more information on the Company s substance abuse policy, please contact a Human Resources Department representative. 
 Reporting Violations of the Code of Conduct Scope: This policy explains and communicates the Company s policy on reports by Company employees of suspected violations of the law or the
Dresser Code of Business Conduct and the protections relating to employees who make such reports. Policy: It is each employee s
personal responsibility to report violations of the law and the Dresser Code of Business Conduct. The preferred method is to discuss any concerns or questions regarding these activities with your supervisor or with someone within your management
structure. However, if you feel that normal Company communication channels are not appropriate, or even possible, you are encouraged to anonymously report any suspected illegal activity or violation of the Code of Business Conduct to the Ethics
Compliance Line. The Ethics Compliance Line is maintained by an independent
third party, The Network, Inc., and is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Reports concerning use of the Ethics Compliance Line, and the investigation of matters reported through the Ethics Compliance Line, are managed by the Compliance
Officer. Examples of illegal activities that should be reported include, but are not limited to, suspected violations of federal and state labor law, environmental, health, and civil rights laws, federal mail, wire, bank and securities fraud laws,
any Securities and Exchange Commission rule or regulation, or any law relating to fraud against the Company or its shareholders. It is the Company s policy that no employee may be discharged, demoted, suspended, threatened, harassed, retaliated
against or in any manner discriminated against because of any lawful act done by the employee to provide evidence of fraud or other wrongdoing to supervisors, criminal investigators, federal regulators, lawyers or parties in a judicial proceeding.
 
 35 

Dresser Code of Conduct
 
 Any such retaliatory or other punitive action by any director, officer or other employee of the Company, its
contractors, subcontractors or agents is expressly prohibited. Any retaliation or other punitive action against a reporting employee by a director, officer or other employee of the Company, its contractors, subcontractors or agents can result in
termination from the Company or any relationship with the Company and/or possible civil and criminal penalties by federal and/or state authorities. The Compliance Officer shall make periodic reports to the Audit Committee regarding this policy. Procedure: Anonymity If employees call the Ethics Compliance Line, anonymity will be maintained to the maximum extent possible. Reporting Violations Depending on where you work, the following options for reporting illegal activity or violations of the Code are available to you: In the U.S. or Canada: 

Discuss your concerns with your supervisor, your Business Unit Compliance Manager or other members of management. 

Call The Network, Inc., at 1-800-241-5689 . 

If written communication is preferred, send all correspondence to Compliance Officer, Dresser, Inc., 15455 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 1100, Addison, Texas 75001 U.S.A. 
 In all countries outside of the U.S. or Canada:

Discuss your concerns with your supervisor, your Business Unit Compliance Manager or other members of management. 

Call The Network, Inc., collect at 1-770-263-4742 . 

If written communication is preferred, send all correspondence to Compliance Officer, Dresser, Inc., 15455 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 1100, Addison, Texas 75001 U.S.A. 
 Other References: Corporate Policy 01-001 (General Policy Regarding Laws and Business Conduct) should be
consulted. 
 36 

</EX-14.2>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 dex211.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

List of Subsidiaries 

Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES (JURISDICTION) ATC S.R.L. (ITALY) DEG ITALIA S.P.A. (ITALY) DI CANADA INC. (CANADA) DI FRANCE S.A.S. (FRANCE) DI LUXEMBOURG S.A.R.L. (LUXEMBOURG) DI NETHERLANDS B.V. (NETHERLANDS)
 DI NIGERIA LIMITED (NIGERIA) DI SWEDEN AB (SWEDEN)
 DI U.K. LIMITED (UNITED KINGDOM) DI VENEZUELA S.R.L.
(VENEZUELA) DRESSER AL-RUSHAID VALVE INSTRUMENT COMPANY, LTD. (SAUDI ARABIA) DRESSER CHINA, INC. (DELAWARE) DRESSER CYPRUS LIMITED (CYPRUS) DRESSER DE MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V. (MEXICO) DRESSER ENTECH, INC. (DELAWARE)
 DRESSER EUROPE GMBH (GERMANY) DRESSER EUROPE HOLDING GMBH
(GERMANY) DRESSER EUROPE S.P.R.L. (BELGIUM) DRESSER FINLAND
OY (FINLAND) DRESSER INDUSTRIA E COMERCIO LTDA. (BRAZIL) DRESSER INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS B.V. (NETHERLANDS) DRESSER INSTRUMENTS, S.A. DE C.V. (MEXICO) DRESSER INTERNATIONAL, INC. (DELAWARE) DRESSER ITALIA S.R.L. (ITALY)
 DRESSER JAPAN LTD. (JAPAN) DRESSER KOREA INC. (KOREA)
 DRESSER LATVIA LIMITED, SIA (LATVIA) DRESSER, LTD. (BERMUDA)
 DRESSER MACHINERY (SUZHOU) CO., LTD. (CHINA) DRESSER-NAGANO
INC. (DELAWARE) DRESSER NETHERLANDS BV (NETHERLANDS) DRESSER POLSKA SP. Z.O.O. (POLAND) DRESSER PRODUITS INDUSTRIELS S.A.S. (FRANCE) DRESSER RE, INC. (DELAWARE) DRESSER RUSSIA, INC. (DELAWARE) DRESSER SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. (SINGAPORE) DRESSER VALVE INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED (INDIA) DRESSER VALVES EUROPE GMBH (GERMANY) DRESSER WAYNE AB (SWEDEN) 
 DRESSER WAYNE DATA TECHNOLOGY (SHANGHAI) CO., LTD. (CHINA) DRESSER
WAYNE FUEL EQUIPMENT (SHANGHAI) CO., LTD. (CHINA) DS CONTROLS (RUSSIA) EBRO ELECTRONIC GMBH CO. KG (GERMANY) ENTECH INDUSTRIES U.K. LIMITED (UNITED KINGDOM) EUROPEAN ENTECH INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS B.V. (NETHERLANDS) FERLA BV
(NETHRELANDS) FIRSA INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (UNITED KINGDOM) FORGED STEEL VALVES LIMITED (UNITED KINGDOM) GAZDMD AVTOMATIKA (RUSSIA) 

Exhibit 21.1 INTERNATIONAL BALL VALVES LIMITED (UNITED KINGDOM) INTERNATIONAL VALVES LIMITED (UNITED KINGDOM) LVF HOLDING CORPORATION (DELAWARE MANUFACTURAS PETROLEROS VENEZOLANAS, S.A. (VENEZUELA) MASONEILAN S.A. (SPAIN) NIIGATA MASONEILAN CO. LTD. (JAPAN) NIIGATA MASONEILAN VALVE SERVICE LTD.
(JAPAN) PENAGA DRESSER SDN. BHD. (MALAYSIA) RING-O VALVE
INTERNATIONAL B.V. (NETHERLANDS) RING-O VALVE S.R.L. (ITALY) RING-O VALVE, INC. (TEXAS) WAYNE TRITRADEX, INC. (DELAWARE) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 dex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Patrick M. Murray, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dresser, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2004; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (c) disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 20, 2005 
 
 /s/ P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 

Patrick M. Murray Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 dex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, James A. Nattier, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dresser, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2004; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (c) disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 20, 2005 
 
 /s/ J AMES A.
N ATTIER 

James A. Nattier Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 dex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 906 

Exhibit 32.1 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dresser, Inc. Dresser for the period ended December 31,
2004 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Dresser as of the dates and for the periods presented in such Report. Dated: December 20, 2005 

/s/ P ATRICK M.
M URRAY 
 
 Patrick M. Murray Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 dex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 906 

Exhibit 32.2 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Dresser, Inc. Dresser for the period ended December 31,
2004 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Dresser as of the dates and for the periods presented in such Report. Dated: December 20, 2005 

/s/ J AMES A.
N ATTIER 
 
 James A. Nattier Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

