<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20050628_10-K_edgar_data_911177_0001104659-05-030116.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4810627</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>776600</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3629350</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-05-030116.hdr.sgml : 20050628
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20050628163306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-05-030116
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20050430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20050628
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20050628

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000911177
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		IRS NUMBER:				030338873
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23211
		FILM NUMBER:		05921218

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 GREENS HILL LANE P O BOX 866
		CITY:			RUTLAND
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8027750325

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 GREENE HILL ROAD
		CITY:			RUTLAND
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05702

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 ULbJJhtd+8BL/GJSSrvy6HGwHnrKKX9ou0Xt1QST5klMDHXZHHlvEKXtUiCFWKF+
 infEIuIRHhStTBsgT2Ktaw==

 0001104659-05-030116.txt : 20050628

10-K
 1
 a05-11395_110k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2005 

Or 

o 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number 000-23211 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 

03-0338873 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

25 Greens Hill Lane, Rutland, VT 

05701 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (802) 775-0325 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Class A common stock, .01 per share par value 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No o 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or
any amendment to this Form 10-K 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No o 

The
aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the
registrant, based on the last reported sale price of the registrant s
Class A common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market at the close of business
on October 31, 2004 was 294,440,791. The Company does not have any
non-voting common stock outstanding. 

There
were 23,860,498 shares of Class A common stock, .01 par value per share,
of the registrant outstanding as of June 15, 2005. There were 988,200 shares of Class B
common stock, .01 par value per share, of the registrant outstanding as of June
15, 2005. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III (except for information
required with respect to executive officers of the Company, which is set forth
under Part I Business - Executive Officers and Other Key Employees of
the Company and with respect to certain equity compensation plan information
which is set forth under Part III- Equity Compensation Plan Information have been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, since the Company
expects to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, not later than
120 days after the close of its fiscal year, a definitive proxy statement.
The information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III of
this report, which will appear in the definitive proxy statement, is
incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Casella Waste Systems, Inc. is a vertically-integrated regional
solid waste services company that provides collection, transfer, disposal and
recycling services to residential, industrial and commercial customers,
primarily in the eastern United States. 
We believe we are currently the number one or number two provider of
solid waste collection services in 80 of the areas served by our collection
divisions. As of June 15, 2005, we owned
and/or operated eight Subtitle D landfills, two landfills permitted to accept
construction and demolition materials, 37 solid waste collection operations, 34
transfer stations, 38 recycling facilities, one waste-to-energy facility and a
50 interest in a joint venture that manufactures, markets and sells cellulose
insulation made from recycled fiber. 

Overview of Our Business 

Background. Casella
Waste Systems, Inc. a Delaware Corporation, was founded in 1975 as a single
truck operation in Rutland, Vermont and subsequently expanded to include
operations in New Hampshire, Maine, upstate New York, northern Pennsylvania and
eastern Massachusetts. In 1993, we initiated an acquisition strategy to take
advantage of anticipated reductions in available landfill capacity in Vermont
and surrounding states due to increasing environmental regulation and other
market forces driving consolidation in the solid waste services industry. In
1995, we expanded our operations from Vermont and New Hampshire to Maine with
the acquisition of the companies comprising New England Waste Services of
ME, Inc., and in January 1997 we established a market presence in
upstate New York and northern Pennsylvania through our acquisition of Superior
Disposal Services, Inc. s business. 

In 1997, we raised 50.2 million from the initial public offering
of shares of our Class A common stock. In 1998, we raised an additional
 41.3 million through a follow-on public offering of an additional
1.6 million shares of Class A common stock. In August 2000, we
sold 55,750 shares of our Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock
to Berkshire Partners LLC, an investment firm, and other investors for
 55.8 million. 

In December 1999, we acquired KTI, an integrated provider of waste
processing services, for aggregate consideration of 340.0 million. KTI
represented a unique opportunity to acquire disposal capacity and collection
operations in our primary market area and in contiguous markets in eastern
Massachusetts, as well as other businesses which fit within our operating
strategy. Following our acquisition of KTI in December 1999 through 2002,
we focused on the integration of KTI and the divestiture of non-core KTI
assets. 

From 2003 to date, we have focused on building our disposal capacity
within our footprint, using our partnership model. We believe we have been
successful, since we have added Hardwick and Southbridge in Massachusetts,
Ontario in upper New York State and West Old Town in Maine, as well as expanded
our annual permit limits and overall capacity at our other sites that we own or
operate. In fiscal year 2004 we were
successful in securing an increase of our permitted volume capacity from 417 to
1,000 tons per day at our Hakes landfill facility. At our Waste USA landfill facility, the
annual permitted volume was amended in fiscal year 2005 to allow 370,000 tons
per year, an increase of 130,000 tons from previously approved levels. In fiscal year 2005, our Hyland landfill
facility received a necessary local approval for the future expansion of an
additional 38 acres, representing approximately 5.7 million tons of additional
capacity (subject to receipt of permits). 
The annual tons disposed in our landfills have increased from 1.4
million tons at the beginning of fiscal year 2003 to 2.5 million tons at the
end of fiscal year 2005, and total permitted and permittable capacity has
increased from 26.1 million tons to 81.7 million tons over the same time frame. We have also closed on 22 tuck-in
acquisitions during that time. From May
1, 1994 through April 30, 2005, we have acquired 212 solid waste collection,
transfer, recycling and disposal operations. 

This objective
of building disposal capacity is to increase our vertical integration within
our footprint to optimize our control of the waste stream from collection
through disposal thereby providing an economic benefit. Internalization of waste refers to the amount
of waste that our collection companies collect that is ultimately disposed of
in one of our disposal facilities. As a
result of our success in building disposal capacity our internalization
increased to 56.8 in fiscal year 2005 from 53.2 in fiscal year 2004. 

Solid Waste Operations 

Our solid waste operations comprise a full range of non-hazardous solid
waste services, including collection operations, 

3 

transfer stations, material recycling facilities and disposal
facilities. 

Collections. A
majority of our commercial and industrial collection services are performed under
one-to-three-year service agreements, with prices and fees determined by such
factors as collection frequency, type of equipment and containers furnished,
the type, volume and weight of solid waste collected, distance to the disposal
or processing facility and cost of disposal or processing. Our residential
collection and disposal services are performed either on a subscription basis
(i.e., with no underlying contract) with individuals, or through contracts with
municipalities, homeowner associations, apartment building owners or mobile
home park operators. 

Transfer Stations. Our
transfer stations receive, compact and transfer solid waste collected primarily
by various collection operations, for transport to disposal facilities by
larger vehicles. We believe that transfer stations benefit us by:
(1) increasing the size of the wastesheds which have access to our
landfills; (2) reducing costs by improving utilization of collection
personnel and equipment; and (3) helping us build relationships with municipalities
and other customers by providing a local physical presence and enhanced local
service capabilities. 

Material Recycling
Facilities. Our material
recycling facilities, or MRFs, receive, sort, bale and resell recyclable
materials originating from the municipal solid waste stream, including
newsprint, cardboard, office paper, containers and bottles. Through FCR, we
operate 19 MRFs in geographic areas not served by our collection divisions or
disposal facilities and three in geographic areas served by our collection
divisions. Revenues are received from municipalities and customers in the form
of processing, tipping fees and commodity sales. These MRFs are large-scale,
high-volume facilities that process recycled materials delivered to them by municipalities
and commercial customers under long-term contracts. We also operate MRFs as an
integral part of our core solid waste operations, which generally process
recyclables collected from our various residential collection operations. This
latter group is concentrated primarily in Vermont, as the public sector in
other states within our core solid waste services market area has generally
maintained primary responsibility for recycling efforts. 

Disposal Facilities. We
dispose of solid waste at our landfills and at our waste-to-energy facility. 

Landfills. The
following table (in thousands) reflects landfill capacity and airspace changes,
as measured in tons, as of April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005, for landfills we
operated during the years then ended: 

April 30,
 2003 

April 30,
 2004 

April 30,
 2005 

Estimated 
 Remaining 
 Permitted 
 Capacity 
 in Tons 
 (1) 

Estimated 
 Additional 
 Permittable 
 Capacity 
 in Tons 
 (1)(2) 

Estimated 
 Total 
 Capacity 

Estimated 
 Remaining 
 Permitted 
 Capacity 
 in Tons 
 (1) 

Estimated 
 Additional 
 Permittable 
 Capacity 
 in Tons 
 (1)(2) 

Estimated 
 Total 
 Capacity 

Estimated 
 Remaining 
 Permitted 
 Capacity 
 in Tons 
 (1) 

Estimated 
 Additional 
 Permittable 
 Capacity 
 in Tons 
 (1)(2) 

Estimated 
 Total 
 Capacity 

Balance,
 beginning of period 

8,951 

17,185 

26,136 

7,313 

22,314 

29,627 

15,307 

50,337 

65,644 

Acquisitions 

607 

422 

1,029 

9,609 

28,353 

37,962 

New expansions
 pursued (3) 

(183 

5,663 

5,480 

225 

225 

16,830 

16,830 

Permits granted
 (4) 

97 

97 

11,453 

(11,453 

Airspace consumed 

(1,373 

(1,373 

(1,840 

(1,840 

(2,527 

(2,527 

Changes in
 engineering estimates 

(689 

(956 

(1,645 

128 

(555 

(427 

1,448 

294 

1,742 

Balance, end of
 period 

7,313 

22,314 

29,627 

15,307 

50,337 

65,644 

25,681 

56,008 

81,689 

(1) We convert estimated remaining permitted
capacity and estimated additional permittable capacity from cubic yards to tons
by assuming a compaction factor equal to the historic average compaction factor
applicable to the respective landfill over the last three fiscal years. In
addition to a total capacity limit, certain permits may place a daily and/or
annual 

4 

limit
on capacity. 

(2) Represents capacity which we have determined
to be permittable in accordance with the following criteria: (i) we
control the land on which the expansion is sought; (ii) all technical
siting criteria have been met or a variance has been obtained or is reasonably
expected to be obtained; (iii) we have not identified any legal or
political impediments which we believe will not be resolved in our favor;
(iv) we are actively working on obtaining any necessary permits and we
expect that all required permits will be received within the next two to five
years; and (v) senior management has approved the project. 

(3) Does
not include certain expansion capacity which we are seeking at our NCES
landfill. Since expansion capacity at
our NCES landfill has been the subject of litigation, the capacity associated
with the litigation, 1.1 million tons with an estimated useful life of 8.5
years, has been omitted. The increase in
fiscal year 2005 is primarily due to a determination of additional permittable
airspace capacity at our Hyland, West Old Town and Waste USA landfills. 

(4) The
increase in permitted airspace capacity is associated with permits granted at
our Ontario, West Old Town and Waste USA landfill facilities. 

NCES. The
North Country Environmental Services NCES landfill located in Bethlehem,
New Hampshire serves the northern and central wastesheds of New Hampshire and
certain contiguous Vermont and Maine wastesheds. Since the purchase of this
landfill in 1994, we have experienced expansion opposition from the local town
through enactment of restrictive local zoning and planning ordinances. In each
case, in order to access additional permittable capacity, we have been required
to assert our rights through litigation in the New Hampshire court system. In
July 2000, we received approval for approximately 600,000 tons of
additional capacity, which we expect to last into fiscal year 2008. In
addition, although we received state approval for an additional use of
approximately 1.1 million tons, outside the original 51 acres, our right to use
that capacity has been limited by a ruling of the New Hampshire Supreme Court. 

Waste USA. The
Waste USA landfill is located in Coventry, Vermont and serves the major
wastesheds associated with the northern two-thirds of Vermont. The landfill is
permitted to accept residential and commercially produced municipal solid
waste, including pre-approved sludges, and construction and demolition debris.
Since our purchase of this landfill in 1995, we have expanded the capacity of
this landfill which we expect to last through approximately fiscal year 2026. In fiscal year 2005, the annual permit was
increased from 240,000 to 370,000 tons. 

Clinton County. The
Clinton County landfill, located in Schuyler Falls, New York, is leased from
Clinton County pursuant to a 25-year lease which expires in 2021. The landfill
serves the principal wastesheds of Clinton, Franklin, Essex, Warren and
Washington Counties in New York, and certain selected contiguous Vermont
wastesheds. Permitted waste accepted includes municipal solid waste,
construction and demolition debris, and special waste which is approved by
regulatory agencies. The facility is currently in the final stages of a
multi-year landfill expansion permitting process which, if successful, would
provide considerable additional volume beyond the current terms of the lease
agreement. We have entered into extended agreements with the town and county
applicable to this additional volume. 

Pine Tree. The
Pine Tree landfill is located in Hampden, Maine. It is permitted to accept
construction and demolition material, ash, front-end processing residues from
the waste-to-energy facilities within the State of Maine and related sludges
and special waste which is approved by regulatory agencies. In addition, it is
permitted to accept municipal solid waste that is by-pass waste from the Maine
Energy Recovery Company, Limited Partnership Maine Energy and Penobscot
Energy Recovery Company PERC waste-to-energy facilities, as well as municipal
solid waste that is in excess of the processing capacities of other
waste-to-energy facilities within the State of Maine. We are currently
developing our next expansion plan to seek approval for an additional 3.5
million cubic yards. 

Hardwick. The
Hardwick landfill, which was acquired in March 2003, located in Hardwick,
Massachusetts, is permitted to accept construction and demolition material,
municipal solid waste and certain difficult-to-manage wastes. The facility currently is permitted to accept
up to 400 tons per day of municipal solid waste with an annual permitted
capacity of 82,800 tons of municipal solid waste. The Hardwick landfill is located on an
18-acre property. In addition, we have options to purchase approximately 253
additional acres that are adjacent to the landfill. We estimate that at its
current permit limits, the facility has approximately between 10 and 11 years
of operating life. 

West Old Town. On
February 5, 2004, we completed transactions with the State of Maine and
Georgia-Pacific, pursuant to which the State of Maine took ownership of the
landfill located in West Old Town, Maine formerly owned by Georgia-Pacific and
we became the operator of that facility under a 30-year operating and services
agreement between us and 

5 

the State of Maine. Under the terms of the agreements, we provided to
the State of Maine, and the State of Maine provided to Georgia-Pacific an
initial cash payment of 26.0 million upon the issuance of an expansion permit
for an additional 10 million cubic yards of commercial capacity at the
landfill. The permit was issued in
April, 2004, subject to appeal. The Pine
Tree and West Old Town landfills represent two of the three commercial
landfills serving principal wastesheds in the State of Maine. 

Southbridge. On
November 25, 2003, we acquired Southbridge Recycling and Disposal Park,
Inc Southbridge Recycling and Disposal ). Southbridge Recycling and Disposal has a
contract with the Town of Southbridge, Massachusetts to maintain and operate a
13-acre construction and demolition recycling facility and a 52-acre landfill
permitted to accept residuals from the recycling facility and a limited amount
of municipal solid waste. The contract has a remaining term of 11 years
and is renewable by us for four additional five-year terms or until the
landfill has reached full capacity, whichever is greater. The landfill has
currently permitted volume of approximately 4.4 million tons and is
authorized to accept up to 180,960 tons per year, consisting of 156,000 tons of
residual material and 24,960 tons of municipal solid waste. 

Maine Energy Waste-to-Energy Facility. We
own a waste-to-energy facility, Maine Energy, which generates electricity by processing non-hazardous solid
waste. This waste-to-energy facility provides us with important additional
disposal capacity and generates power for sale. The facility receives solid
waste from municipalities under long-term waste handling agreements and also
receives raw materials from commercial and private waste haulers and
municipalities with short-term contracts, as well as from our collection
operations. Maine Energy is contractually required to sell all of the
electricity generated at its facility to Central Maine Power, an electric
utility, and guarantees 100 of its electric generating capacity to CL Power
Sales One, LLC. Our use of the facility is subject to permit conditions, some
of which are opposed by local authorities. See Regulation. 

Templeton. On
June 5, 2003, we entered into a construction, operation and management
agreement with the Town of Templeton, Massachusetts for the operation of the
Templeton sanitary landfill. On February 19, 2004, voters at a special
town meeting approved a town by-law banning out-of-town waste at the landfill
and related by-laws. Accordingly, we are
seeking to discuss the agreement with officials from the town to determine the
appropriate next steps. The landfill
permitting and construction process has been delayed indefinitely as a result
of the town s actions. 

Hyland. The
Hyland landfill located in Angelica, New York, serves certain Western region
wastesheds located throughout western New York. The facility is permitted to
accept all residential and commercial municipal solid waste, construction and
demolition debris and special waste which is approved by regulatory agencies.
The facility is located on a 600-acre property, which represents considerable
additional expansion capabilities. In 1999, as part of a long-term settlement
with the Town of Angelica, we entered into an agreement requiring a permissive
referendum to expand beyond a pre-agreed footprint. During the 2004 local
elections, the town passed the required permissive referendum related to the
future expansion of the site. This is the first step in securing a permit
modification for an additional 38 acres, representing in excess of 5.7 million
tons of additional capacity. 

Ontario. We
have entered into a 25-year operation, management and lease agreement with the
Ontario County Board of Supervisors for the Ontario County Landfill, which is
located in the Town of Seneca, New York. We commenced operations on
December 8, 2003. This landfill serves the central New York wasteshed and
is strategically situated to accept long haul volume from both Eastern and
downstate markets. The site consists of a 387 acre landfill permitted to accept
624,000 tons per year of municipal solid waste. During fiscal 2005 we received
a permit modification for an additional 3.9 million tons. Additional potential
expansions amount to 7.0 million tons. 

Hakes. The
Hakes construction and demolition landfill, located in Campbell, New York, is
permitted to accept only construction and demolition material. The landfill
serves the principal rural wastesheds of western New York. We believe that the
site has permittable capacity of over 3.9 million tons, based on existing
regulatory requirements and local community support. We expect to apply for
this expansion during the next 6 months and do not expect substantial
opposition from the town. We have entered into a revised long-term host
community agreement related to the expansion of the facility. In November 2003
we were successful in securing an increase of our permitted volume capacity from
417 to 1,000 tons per day. 

In April 2005, the Company started operations at Worcester landfill, a
closure project with approximately 0.8 million tons of available capacity. We also have rights to remaining capacity at
a residual landfill in Brockton, Massachusetts totaling approximately 122,000
tons as of April 30, 2005. The
Brockton landfill is expected to be closed in late summer of 2005. The Worcester and Brockton landfills are not
included in the above table of remaining landfill capacity. In addition, we own and/or operated six
unlined landfills which are not currently in operation. All of these landfills
have been closed and 

6 

capped to applicable environmental regulatory standards by us. 

Operating Segments 

We manage our solid waste operations on a geographic basis through four
regions, which we have designated as the North Eastern, South Eastern, Central and
Western regions and which each comprise a full range of solid waste services,
and FCR, which comprises our larger-scale non-solid waste recycling and our
brokerage operations. 

Within each geographic region, we organize our solid waste services
around smaller areas that we refer to as wastesheds. A wasteshed is an area
that comprises the complete cycle of activities in the solid waste services
process, from collection to transfer operations and recycling to disposal in
either landfills or waste-to-energy facilities, some of which may be owned and
operated by third parties. We typically operate several divisions within each
wasteshed, each of which provides a particular service, such as collection,
recycling, disposal or transfer. Each of these divisions is managed as a
separate profit center, but operates interdependently with the other divisions
within the wasteshed. Each wasteshed generally operates autonomously from
adjoining wastesheds. 

Through its 22 material recycling facilities, FCR services 28 anchor
contracts, which are long-term commitments of five years or greater to
guarantee the delivery of all recycled residential recyclables to FCR. These
contracts may include a minimum volume guarantee by the municipality. We also
have service agreements with individual towns and cities and commercial
customers, including small solid waste companies and major competitors that do
not have processing capacity within a specific geographic region. The 22 FCR
facilities process recyclables collected from approximately 2.6 million
households, representing a population of approximately 8.1 million people. 

The following table provides information about each solid waste region
and FCR (as of June 15, 2005 except revenue information, which is for the
fiscal year ended April 30, 2005). 

North Eastern 

South Eastern 

Central 

Western 

FCR 

region 

region 

region 

region 

Recycling 

Revenues (in millions) 

93.4 

89.2 

108.7 

92.7 

82.0 

Solid waste collection operations 

8 

4 

12 

13 

Transfer stations 

4 

5 

14 

10 

1 

Recycling facilities 

7 

2 

5 

2 

22 

Subtitle D landfills (2) 

Hampden, ME 
 West Old Town, ME 

Hardwick, MA 

Bethlehem, NH 
 Coventry, VT 
 Schuyler Falls, NY 

Angelica, NY 
 Ontario, NY 

Other disposal facilities (1) 

Biddeford, ME 

Southbridge, MA 

Campbell, NY 

(1) The
disposal facility located in Biddeford, Maine is a waste-to-energy facility.
The Southbridge, Massachusetts disposal facility is permitted to accept
construction and demolition material and a limited amount of municipal solid
waste. The disposal facility located in Campbell, New York is a landfill
permitted to accept only construction and demolition materials. In April 2005, the Company started
operations at Worcester landfill, a closure project with approximately 1.2
million tons of available capacity. We also have rights to the remaining air space
capacity at a residual landfill located in Brockton, Massachusetts totaling
approximately 122,000 tons as of April 30, 2005. The Brockton landfill is expected to be
closed in late summer of 2005. 

(2) On June 5, 2003, we
entered into a construction, operation and management agreement with the Town
of Templeton, Massachusetts for the operation of the Templeton sanitary
landfill. On February 19, 2004, voters at a special town meeting approved a
town by-law banning out-of-town waste at the landfill and related by-laws. Accordingly, we are seeking to discuss the
agreement with officials from the town to determine the appropriate next
steps. The landfill permitting and
construction process has been delayed indefinitely as a result of the town s
actions. 

North Eastern
region. The North Eastern
region consists of wastesheds located in Maine. These wastesheds generally have
been affected by the regional constraints on disposal capacity imposed by the
public policies of New Hampshire, Maine and Massachusetts which have, over the
past 10 years, either limited new landfill development or precluded
development of additional capacity from existing landfills. Consequently, the North Eastern region relies
more heavily on non-landfill 

7 

waste-to-energy disposal capacity than our other regions. Maine Energy is one of four waste-to-energy
facilities in the North Eastern region. 

We entered the State of Maine in 1996 with our purchase of the assets comprising
New England Waste Services of ME., Inc. in Hampden, Maine, which included
the Pine Tree landfill. Our acquisition
of KTI in 1999 significantly improved our disposal capacity in this region as
the acquisition included the Maine Energy waste-to-energy facility and provided
an alternative internalization option for our solid waste assets in eastern
Massachusetts. In 2004, we obtained the
right to operate the West Old Town landfill under a 30 year agreement with the
State of Maine. Our major competitor in
the State of Maine is Waste Management, Inc., and we have several smaller
local competitors. 

South Eastern
region. We entered eastern
Massachusetts in fiscal year 2000 with the acquisition of assets that were
divested by Allied Waste Industries, Inc. under court order following its
acquisition of Browning Ferris Industries, Inc., and through the acquisition of
smaller independent operators. In this region, we rely to a large extent on
third party disposal capacity. We believe we have a greater opportunity to
increase our internalization rates and operating efficiencies in the South Eastern
region through our ownership of the Hardwick landfill, which is currently
permitted to accept 400 tons per day of municipal solid waste, and through the
Southbridge landfill which is annually permitted to accept 156,000 tons of
residual material and 24,960 tons of municipal solid waste. Our primary
competitors in eastern Massachusetts are Waste Management, Inc., Allied
Waste Industries, Inc., and smaller independent operators. 

Central region. The
Central region consists of wastesheds located in Vermont, northwestern New
Hampshire and eastern upstate New York. The portion of upstate New York served
by the Central region includes Clinton (operation of the Clinton County
landfill), Franklin, Essex, Warren, Washington, Saratoga, Rennselaer and Albany
counties. Our Waste USA landfill in Coventry, Vermont is one of only two
permitted Subtitle D landfills in Vermont, and our NCES landfill in Bethlehem,
New Hampshire is one of only six permitted Subtitle D landfills in New
Hampshire. In the Central region, there are a total of 13 permitted Subtitle D
landfills. 

The Central region has become our most mature operating platform, as we
have operated in this region since our inception in 1975. We have achieved a
high degree of vertical integration of the wastestream in this region,
resulting in stable cash flow performance. In the Central region, we also have
a market leadership position. Our primary competition in the Central region
comes from Waste Management, Inc. and Allied Waste Industries, Inc. in the
larger population centers (primarily southern New Hampshire and Eastern New York)
and from smaller independent operators in the more rural areas. As our most
mature region, we believe that future operating efficiencies will be driven
primarily by improving our core operating efficiencies and providing enhanced
customer service. 

Western region. The
Western region consists of wastesheds in upstate New York (which includes
Ithaca, Elmira, Oneonta, Lowville, Potsdam, Geneva, Auburn, Buffalo, Jamestown
and Olean) and northern Pennsylvania (Wellsboro). We entered the Western region
with our acquisition of Superior Disposal Services, Inc. s business in
1997 and have consistently expanded in this region largely through tuck-in
acquisitions and internal growth. Our collection operations include leadership
positions in nearly every rural market in the Western region outside of larger
metropolitan markets such as Syracuse, Rochester and Albany. 

While we have achieved strong market positions in this region, we
remain focused on increasing our vertical integration through the acquisition
or privatization and operation of additional disposal capacity in the market.
As compared to our other operating regions, the Western region, where we own
the Hyland and Hakes landfills and operate the Ontario County landfill,
presently contains an excess of disposal capacity as a result of the
proliferation during the 1990s of publicly-developed Subtitle D landfills. As a
result, we believe that opportunities exist for us to enter into long-term
leasing arrangements and other strategic partnerships with county and municipal
governments for the operation and/or utilization of their landfills, similar to
our new long-term lease for the Ontario County landfill. We expect that successful implementation of
this strategy will lead to improved internalization rates. 

Our primary competitors in the Western region are Waste
Management, Inc. and Allied Waste Industries, Inc. in the larger
urban areas and smaller independent operators in the more rural markets. 

FCR Recycling. FCR
Recycling is one of the largest processors and marketers of recycled materials
in the eastern United States, comprising 22 material recycling facilities that
process and then market recyclable materials that municipalities and commercial
customers deliver to it under long-term contracts. Eight of FCR s facilities
are leased, seven are owned and seven are under operating contracts. In fiscal
year 2005, FCR processed and marketed approximately 

8 

1.1 million tons of recyclable materials. FCR s facilities are
principally located in key urban markets, including in Connecticut; North
Carolina; New Jersey; Florida; Tennessee; Georgia; Michigan; New York; South
Carolina; Massachusetts; Wisconsin; Maine; and Halifax, Canada. 

A significant portion of the material provided to FCR is delivered
pursuant to 28 anchor contracts, which are long-term contracts. The anchor contracts generally have an
original term of five to ten years and expire at various times between 2005 and
2028. The terms of each of the contracts vary, but all the contracts provide
that the municipality or a third party delivers materials to our facility. In
approximately one-fourth of the contracts, the municipalities agree to deliver
a guaranteed tonnage and the municipality pays a fee for the amount of any
shortfall from the guaranteed tonnage. Under the terms of the individual contracts,
we charge the municipality a fee for each ton of material delivered to us. Some
contracts contain revenue sharing arrangements under which the municipality
receives a specified percentage of the revenues from the sale by us of the
recovered materials. 

FCR derives a significant portion of its revenues from the sale of
recyclable materials. The purchase and sale prices of recyclable materials,
particularly newspaper, corrugated containers, plastics, ferrous and aluminum,
can fluctuate based upon market conditions. We use long-term supply contracts
with customers with floor price arrangements to reduce the commodity risk for
certain recyclables, particularly newspaper, cardboard, plastics, aluminum and
metals. Under such contracts, we obtain a guaranteed minimum price for the
recyclable materials along with a commitment to receive additional amounts if
the current market price rises above the floor price. The contracts are
generally with large domestic companies that use the recyclable materials in their
manufacturing process, such as paper, packaging and consumer goods companies.
In fiscal year 2005, 49 of the revenues from the sale of recyclable materials
of the residential recycling segment were derived from sales under long-term
contracts with floor prices. We also hedge against fluctuations in the
commodity prices of recycled paper and corrugated containers in order to
mitigate the variability in cash flows and earnings generated from the sales of
recycled materials at floating prices. As of April 30, 2005, we were party
to thirty-three commodity hedge contracts. These contracts expire between
May 2005 and April 2008. 

As part of our acquisition of KTI, we had acquired brokerage businesses
which were focused on domestic and export markets. In September 2002, we
transferred our export brokerage operations to employees who had been
responsible for managing that business. 
Effective April 1, 2004, the transfer of those export brokerage
operations were reflected as a sale for total consideration of approximately
 5.0 million. The gain on the sale
amounted to approximately 1.1 million. In June 2003, we transferred our
domestic brokerage operations and a commercial recycling business to employees
who managed those businesses. The brokerage businesses derived all of their revenues
from the sale of recyclable materials, predominately old newspaper, old
corrugated cardboard, mixed paper and office paper. The brokers in the brokerage operation were
required to identify both the buyer and the seller of the recyclable materials
before committing to broker the transaction, thereby minimizing pricing risk,
and were not permitted to enter into speculative trading of commodities. 

During the second quarter of fiscal 2005, we
completed the sale of the assets of Data Destruction
Services, Inc. (Data Destruction) for cash sale proceeds of 3.0 million. This shredding operation had been
historically accounted for as a component of continuing operations as part of
the FCR Recycling region up until its sale. 
The transaction required discontinued operations treatment under SFAS
No. 144, therefore the operating results of Data Destruction have been
reclassified from continuing to discontinued operations in fiscal 2003, 2004
and 2005. Also in connection with the
discontinued accounting treatment, the loss (net of tax) from the sale
amounting to 0.1 million has been recorded and classified as a loss on
disposal of discontinued operations. 

GreenFiber Cellulose Insulation Joint Venture 

We are a 50 partner in US GreenFiber LLC GreenFiber ), a joint
venture with Louisana-Pacific. GreenFiber, which we believe is the largest
manufacturer of high quality cellulose insulation for use in residential
dwellings and manufactured housing, was formed through the combination of our cellulose
operations, which we acquired in our acquisition of KTI, with those of
Louisiana-Pacific. Based in Charlotte, North Carolina, GreenFiber has a
national manufacturing and distribution capability and sells to contractors,
manufactured home builders and retailers, including Home Depot, Inc.
GreenFiber has eleven manufacturing facilities, located in Atlanta, Georgia;
Charlotte, North Carolina; Delphos, Ohio; Elkwood, Virginia; Norfolk, Nebraska;
Phoenix, Arizona; Sacramento, California; Tampa, Florida; Denver, Colorado; and
Waco, Texas. GreenFiber utilizes a hedging strategy to help stabilize its
exposure to fluctuating newsprint costs, which generally represent
approximately 62 of its raw material costs, and is a major purchaser of FCR Recycling
fiber material produced at various facilities. GreenFiber, which we account for
under the equity method, had revenues of 136.4 million for the twelve months
ended April 30, 2005. For the same period, we recognized equity income
from GreenFiber of 2.9 million. 

9 

Competition 

The solid waste services industry is highly competitive. We compete for
collection and disposal volume primarily on the basis of the quality, breadth
and price of our services. From time to time, competitors may reduce the price
of their services in an effort to expand market share or to win a competitively
bid municipal contract. These practices may also lead to reduced pricing for
our services or the loss of business. In addition, competition exists within
the industry not only for collection, transportation and disposal volume, but
also for acquisition candidates. 

The larger urban markets in which we compete are served by one or more
of the large national solid waste companies that may be able to achieve greater
economies of scale than us, including Waste Management, Inc. and Allied
Waste Industries, Inc. We also compete with a number of regional and local
companies that offer competitive prices and quality service. In addition, we
compete with operators of alternative disposal facilities, including
incinerators, and with certain municipalities, counties and districts that
operate their own solid waste collection and disposal facilities. Public sector
facilities may have certain advantages over us due to the availability of user
fees, charges or tax revenues and tax-exempt financing. 

The insulation industry is highly competitive and labor intensive. In
our cellulose insulation manufacturing activities, GreenFiber, our joint
venture with Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, competes primarily with
manufacturers of fiberglass insulation such as Owens Corning, CertainTeed
Corporation and Johns Manville. These manufacturers have significant market
shares and are substantially better capitalized than GreenFiber. 

Marketing and Sales 

We have a coordinated marketing and sales strategy, which is formulated
at the corporate level and implemented at the divisional level. We market our
services locally through division managers and direct sales representatives who
focus on commercial, industrial, municipal and residential customers. We also
obtain new customers from referral sources and our general reputation. Leads
are also developed from new building permits, business licenses and other
public records. Additionally, each division generally advertises in the yellow
pages and other local business print media that cover its service area. 

Maintenance of a local presence and identity is an important aspect of
our marketing plan, and many of our managers are involved in local
governmental, civic and business organizations. Our name and logo, or, where
appropriate, that of our divisional operations, are displayed on all our
containers and trucks. Additionally, we attend and make presentations at
municipal and state conferences and advertise in governmental associations 
membership publications. 

We market our commercial, industrial and municipal services through our
sales representatives who visit customers on a regular basis and make sales
calls to potential new customers. These sales representatives receive a
significant portion of their compensation based upon meeting certain incentive
targets. We emphasize providing quality service and customer satisfaction, and
believe that our focus on quality service will help retain existing and attract
additional customers. 

Employees 

As of June 15, 2005, we employed approximately 2,600 people, including
approximately 500 professionals or managers, sales, clerical, data processing
or other administrative employees and approximately 2,100 employees involved in
collection, transfer, disposal, recycling or other operations. Approximately 117
of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe
relations with our employees to be satisfactory. 

Risk Management, Insurance and Performance or
Surety Bonds 

We actively maintain environmental and other risk management programs,
which we believe are appropriate for our business. Our environmental risk
management program includes evaluating existing facilities, as well as
potential acquisitions, for environmental law compliance and operating
procedures. We also maintain a worker safety program, which encourages safe
practices in the workplace. Operating practices at all of our operations are
intended to reduce the possibility of environmental contamination and
litigation. 

We carry a range of insurance intended to protect our assets and
operations, including a commercial general liability 

10 

policy and a property damage policy. A partially or completely
uninsured claim against us (including liabilities associated with cleanup or
remediation at our facilities), if successful and of sufficient magnitude,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Any future difficulty in obtaining insurance could also
impair our ability to secure future contracts, which may be conditioned upon
the availability of adequate insurance coverage. 

Effective July 1, 1999, we established a captive insurance
company, Casella Insurance Company, through which we are self-insured for
worker s compensation and, effective May 1, 2000, automobile coverage. Our
maximum exposure in fiscal 2005 under the worker s compensation plan is 750,000
per individual event with a 1,000,000 aggregate limit, after which reinsurance
takes effect. Our maximum exposure under the automobile plan is 750,000 per
individual event with a 3,000,000 aggregate limit, after which reinsurance
takes effect. 

Municipal solid waste collection contracts and landfill closure
obligations may require performance or surety bonds, letters of credit or other
means of financial assurance to secure contractual performance. While we have
not experienced difficulty in obtaining these financial instruments, if we were
unable to obtain these financial instruments in sufficient amounts or at
acceptable rates we could be precluded from entering into additional municipal
solid waste collection contracts or obtaining or retaining landfill operating
permits. 

Customers 

We provide our collection services to commercial, industrial and
residential customers. A majority of our commercial and industrial collection
services are performed under one-to-three-year service agreements, and fees are
determined by such factors as collection frequency, type of equipment and
containers furnished, the type, volume and weight of the solid waste collected,
the distance to the disposal or processing facility and the cost of disposal or
processing. Our residential collection and disposal services are performed
either on a subscription basis (i.e., with no underlying contract) with
individuals, or through contracts with municipalities, homeowners associations,
apartment owners or mobile home park operators. 

Maine Energy is contractually required to sell all of the electricity
generated at its facilities to Central Maine Power, an electric utility,
pursuant to a contract that expires in 2012, and guarantees 100 of its
electricity generating capacity to CL Power Sales One, LLC, pursuant
to a contract that expires in 2007. 

FCR provides recycling services to municipalities, commercial haulers
and commercial waste generators within the geographic proximity of the
processing facilities. We also acted as a broker of recyclable materials,
principally to paper and box board manufacturers in the United States, Canada,
the Pacific Rim, Europe, South America and Asia, until these businesses were
sold as described above. 

Our cellulose insulation joint venture, GreenFiber, sells to
contractors, manufactured home builders and retailers. 

Raw Materials 

Maine Energy received approximately 24 of its solid waste in fiscal
year 2005 from 19 Maine municipalities under long-term waste handling
agreements. Maine Energy also receives raw materials from commercial and
private waste haulers and municipalities with short-term contracts, as well as
from our own collection operations. 

In fiscal year 2005, FCR received approximately 49 of its material
under long-term agreements with municipalities. These contracts generally
provide that all recyclables collected from the municipal recycling programs
shall be delivered to a facility that is owned or operated by us. The quantity
of material delivered by these communities is dependent on the participation of
individual households in the recycling program. 

The primary raw material for our insulation joint venture is newspaper.
In fiscal year 2005, GreenFiber received approximately 15 of the newspaper
used by it from FCR. It purchased the remaining newspaper from municipalities,
commercial haulers and paper brokers. The chemicals used to make the newspaper
fire retardant are purchased from industrial chemical manufacturers located in
the United States and South America. 

Seasonality 

Our transfer and disposal revenues have historically been lower during
the months of November through March. This seasonality reflects the lower
volume of waste during the late fall, winter and early spring months primarily
because: 

11 

the volume of waste relating
to construction and demolition activities decreases substantially during the
winter months in the eastern United States; and 

decreased tourism in Vermont,
New Hampshire, Maine and eastern New York during the winter months tends to
lower the volume of waste generated by commercial and restaurant customers,
which is partially offset by increased volume in the winter ski industry. 

Since certain of our operating and fixed costs remain constant
throughout the fiscal year, operating income is therefore impacted by a similar
seasonality. In addition, particularly harsh weather conditions typically
result in increased operating costs. 

The recycling segment experiences increased volumes of newspaper in
November and December due to increased newspaper advertising and
retail activity during the holiday season. The insulation business experiences
lower sales in November and December because of lower production of
manufactured housing due to holiday plant shutdowns. 

Regulation 

Introduction 

We are subject to extensive and evolving federal, state and local
environmental laws and regulations which have become increasingly stringent in
recent years. The environmental regulations affecting us are administered by
the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA and other federal,
state and local environmental, zoning, health and safety agencies. Failure to
comply with such requirements could result in substantial costs, including
civil and criminal fines and penalties. Except as described in this Form 10-K,
we believe that we are currently in substantial compliance with applicable
federal, state and local environmental laws, permits, orders and regulations.
We do not currently anticipate any material environmental costs to bring our
operations into compliance, although there can be no assurance in this regard
in the future. We expect that our operations in the solid waste services
industry will be subject to continued and increased regulation, legislation and
regulatory enforcement actions. We attempt to anticipate future legal and
regulatory requirements and to carry out plans intended to keep our operations
in compliance with those requirements. 

In order to transport, process, incinerate, or dispose of solid waste,
it is necessary for us to possess and comply with one or more permits from
federal, state and/or local agencies. We must review these permits
periodically, and the permits may be modified or revoked by the issuing agency. 

The principal federal, state and local statutes and regulations
applicable to our various operations are as follows: 

The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of
1976, as amended RCRA 

RCRA regulates the generation, treatment, storage, handling,
transportation and disposal of solid waste and requires states to develop
programs to ensure the safe disposal of solid waste. RCRA divides solid waste
into two groups, hazardous and non-hazardous. Wastes are generally classified
as hazardous if they (1) either (a) are specifically included on a
list of hazardous wastes, or (b) exhibit certain characteristics defined
as hazardous, and (2) are not specifically designated as non-hazardous.
Wastes classified as hazardous under RCRA are subject to more extensive
regulation than wastes classified as non-hazardous, and businesses that deal
with hazardous waste are subject to regulatory obligations in addition to those
imposed on handlers of non-hazardous waste. 

Among the wastes that are specifically designated as non-hazardous are
household waste and special waste, including items such as petroleum
contaminated soils, asbestos, foundry sand, shredder fluff and most
non-hazardous industrial waste products. 

The EPA regulations issued under Subtitle C of RCRA impose a
comprehensive cradle to grave system for tracking the generation,
transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous wastes. Subtitle C
regulations impose obligations on generators, transporters and disposers of
hazardous wastes, and require permits that are costly to obtain and maintain
for sites where those businesses treat, store or dispose of such material.
Subtitle C requirements include detailed operating, inspection, training and
emergency preparedness and response standards, as well as requirements for
manifesting, record keeping and reporting, corrective action, facility closure,
post-closure and financial responsibility. Most states have 

12 

promulgated regulations modeled on some or all of the Subtitle C
provisions issued by the EPA, and in many instances the EPA has delegated to
those states the principal role in regulating businesses which are subject to
those requirements. Some state regulations impose different, additional
obligations. 

We currently do not accept for transportation or disposal hazardous
substances (as defined in CERCLA, discussed below) in concentrations or volumes
that would classify those materials as hazardous wastes. However, we have
transported hazardous substances in the past and very likely will transport and
dispose of hazardous substances in the future, to the extent that materials
defined as hazardous substances under CERCLA are present in consumer goods and
in the non-hazardous waste streams of our customers. 

We do not accept hazardous wastes for incineration at our
waste-to-energy facility. We typically test ash produced at our waste-to-energy
facility on a regular basis; that ash generally does not contain hazardous
substances in sufficient concentrations or volumes to result in the ash being
classified as hazardous waste. However, it is possible that future waste
streams accepted for incineration could contain elevated volumes or
concentrations of hazardous substances or that legal requirements will change,
and that the resulting incineration ash would be classified as hazardous waste. 

Leachate generated at our landfills and transfer stations is tested on
a regular basis, and generally is not regulated as a hazardous waste under
federal or state law. In the past, however, leachate generated from certain of
our landfills has been classified as hazardous waste under state law, and there
is no guarantee that leachate generated from our facilities in the future will
not be classified under federal or state law as hazardous waste. 

In October 1991, the EPA adopted the Subtitle D regulations under
RCRA governing solid waste landfills. The Subtitle D regulations, which
generally became effective in October 1993, include location restrictions,
facility design standards, operating criteria, closure and post-closure
requirements, financial assurance requirements, groundwater monitoring
requirements, groundwater remediation standards and corrective action
requirements. In addition, the Subtitle D regulations require that new landfill
sites meet more stringent liner design criteria (typically, composite soil and
synthetic liners or two or more synthetic liners) intended to keep leachate out
of groundwater and have extensive collection systems to carry away leachate for
treatment prior to disposal. Regulations generally require us to install
groundwater monitoring wells at virtually all landfills we operate, to monitor
groundwater quality and, indirectly, the effectiveness of the leachate
collection systems. The Subtitle D regulations also require facility owners or
operators to control emissions of landfill gas (including methane) generated at
landfills exceeding certain regulatory thresholds. State landfill regulations
must meet these requirements or the EPA will impose such requirements upon
landfill owners and operators in that state. Each state also must adopt and
implement a permit program or other appropriate system to ensure that landfills
within the state comply with the Subtitle D regulatory criteria. Various states
in which we operate or in which we may operate in the future have adopted
regulations or programs as stringent as, or more stringent than, the Subtitle D
regulations. 

The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of
1972, as amended Clean Water Act 

The Clean Water Act regulates the discharge of pollutants into the waters
of the United States from a variety of sources, including solid waste disposal
sites and transfer stations, processing facilities and waste-to-energy
facilities (collectively, solid waste management facilities ). If run-off or
collected leachate from our solid waste management facilities, or process or
cooling waters generated at our waste-to-energy facility, is discharged into
streams, rivers or other surface waters, the Clean Water Act would require us
to apply for and obtain a discharge permit, conduct sampling and monitoring
and, under certain circumstances, reduce the quantity of pollutants in such
discharge. A permit also may be required if that run-off, leachate, or process
or cooling water is discharged to a treatment facility that is owned by a local
municipality. Numerous states have enacted regulations, which are equivalent to
those issued under the Clean Water Act, but which also regulate the discharge
of pollutants to groundwater. Finally, virtually all solid waste management
facilities must comply with the EPA s storm water regulations, which regulate
the discharge of impacted storm water to surface waters. 

The Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended CERCLA 

CERCLA established a regulatory and remedial program intended to
provide for the investigation and remediation of facilities where or from which
a release of any hazardous substance into the environment has occurred or is
threatened. CERCLA has been interpreted to impose retroactive strict, and under
certain circumstances, joint and several, liability for investigation and
cleanup of facilities on current owners and operators of the site, former
owners and operators of the site at the time of the disposal of the hazardous
substances, as well as the generators of the hazardous substances and certain 

13 

transporters of the hazardous substances. In addition, CERCLA imposes
liability for the costs of evaluating and addressing damage to natural
resources. The costs of CERCLA investigation and cleanup can be very
substantial. Liability under CERCLA does not depend upon the existence or
disposal of hazardous waste as defined by RCRA, but can be based on the existence
of any of more than 700 hazardous substances listed by the EPA, many of which
can be found in household waste. In addition, the definition of hazardous
substances in CERCLA incorporates substances designated as hazardous or toxic
under the Federal Clean Water Act, Clear Air Act and Toxic Substances Control
Act. If we were found to be a responsible party for a CERCLA cleanup, the
enforcing agency could hold us, under certain circumstances, or any other
responsible party, responsible for all investigative and remedial costs, even
if others also were liable. CERCLA also authorizes EPA to impose a lien in
favor of the United States upon all real property subject to, or affected by, a
remedial action for all costs for which a party is liable. CERCLA provides a
responsible party with the right to bring a contribution action against other
responsible parties for their allocable share of investigative and remedial
costs. Our ability to get others to reimburse us for their allocable share of
such costs would be limited by our ability to identify and locate other
responsible parties and prove the extent of their responsibility and by the
financial resources of such other parties. 

The Clean Air Act of 1970, as amended Clean
Air Act 

The Clean Air Act, generally through state implementation of federal
requirements, regulates emissions of air pollutants from certain landfills
based upon the date the landfill was constructed and the annual volume of
emissions. The EPA has promulgated new source performance standards regulating
air emissions of certain regulated pollutants (methane and non-methane organic
compounds) from municipal solid waste landfills. Landfills located in areas
where levels of regulated pollutants exceed certain thresholds may be subject
to even more extensive air pollution controls and emission limitations. In
addition, the EPA has issued standards regulating the disposal of
asbestos-containing materials under the Clean Air Act. 

The Clean Air Act regulates emissions of air pollutants from our
waste-to-energy facility and certain of our processing facilities. The EPA has
enacted standards that apply to those emissions. It is possible that the EPA,
or a state where we operate, will enact additional or different emission
standards in the future. 

All of the federal statutes described above authorize lawsuits by
private citizens to enforce certain provisions of the statutes. In addition to
a penalty award to the United States, some of those statutes authorize an award
of attorney s fees to private parties successfully advancing such an action. 

The Occupational Safety and Health Act of
1970, as amended OSHA 

OSHA establishes employer responsibilities and authorizes the
Occupational Safety and Health Administration to promulgate occupational health
and safety standards, including the obligation to maintain a workplace free of
recognized hazards likely to cause death or serious injury, to comply with
adopted worker protection standards, to maintain certain records, to provide
workers with required disclosures and to implement certain health and safety
training programs. Various of those promulgated standards may apply to our
operations, including those standards concerning notices of hazards, safety in
excavation and demolition work, the handling of asbestos and
asbestos-containing materials, and worker training and emergency response
programs. 

State and Local Regulations 

Each state in which we now operate or may operate in the future has
laws and regulations governing the generation, storage, treatment, handling,
processing, transportation, incineration and disposal of solid waste, water and
air pollution and, in most cases, the siting, design, operation, maintenance,
closure and post-closure maintenance of solid waste management facilities. In addition,
many states have adopted statutes comparable to, and in some cases more
stringent than, CERCLA. These statutes impose requirements for investigation
and remediation of contaminated sites and liability for costs and damages
associated with such sites, and some authorize the state to impose liens to
secure costs expended addressing contamination on property owned by responsible
parties. Some of those liens may take priority over previously filed
instruments. Furthermore, many municipalities also have ordinances, laws and
regulations affecting our operations. These include zoning and health measures
that limit solid waste management activities to specified sites or conduct,
flow control provisions that direct the delivery of solid wastes to specific facilities
or to facilities in specific areas, laws that grant the right to establish
franchises for collection services and then put out for bid the right to
provide collection services, and bans or other restrictions on the movement of
solid wastes into a municipality. 

Certain permits and approvals may limit the types of waste that may be
accepted at a landfill or the quantity of waste 

14 

that may be accepted at a landfill during a given time period. In addition,
certain permits and approvals, as well as certain state and local regulations,
may limit a landfill to accepting waste that originates from specified
geographic areas or seek to restrict the importation of out-of-state waste or
otherwise discriminate against out-of-state waste. Generally, restrictions on
importing out-of-state waste have not withstood judicial challenge. However,
from time to time federal legislation is proposed which would allow individual
states to prohibit the disposal of out-of-state waste or to limit the amount of
out-of-state waste that could be imported for disposal and would require
states, under certain circumstances, to reduce the amounts of waste exported to
other states. Although such legislation has not been passed by Congress, if
this or similar legislation is enacted, states in which we operate landfills
could limit or prohibit the importation of out-of-state waste. Such actions
could materially and adversely affect the business, financial condition and
results of operations of any of our landfills within those states that receive
a significant portion of waste originating from out-of-state. 

Certain states and localities may, for economic or other reasons,
restrict the export of waste from their jurisdiction, or require that a
specified amount of waste be disposed of at facilities within their
jurisdiction. In 1994, the U.S. Supreme Court rejected as unconstitutional, and
therefore invalid, a local ordinance that sought to limit waste going out of
the locality by imposing a requirement that the waste be delivered to a
particular facility. However, it is uncertain how that precedent will be
applied in different circumstances. For example, in 2002, the U.S. Supreme
Court decided not to hear an appeal of a federal Appeals Court decision that
held that the flow control ordinances directing waste to a publicly owned
facility are not per se unconstitutional and should be analyzed under a
standard that is less stringent than if waste had been directed to a private
facility. The less stringent standard was applied to the facts of that case by
the U.S. District Court, which ruled in March 2005 in a favor of upholding the
flow control regulations in Oneida and Herkimer Counties in New York. The ruling was again appealed to the federal Appeals
Court, which is expected to uphold the ruling. 
Additionally, certain state and local jurisdictions continue to seek to
enforce such restrictions and, in certain cases, we may elect not to challenge
such restrictions. Further, some proposed federal legislation would allow
states and localities to impose flow restrictions. Those restrictions could
reduce the volume of waste going to landfills or transfer stations in certain
areas, which may materially adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities
and/or affect the prices we can charge for certain services. Those restrictions
also may result in higher disposal costs for our collection operations. In sum,
flow control restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

There has been an increasing trend at the federal, state and local
levels to mandate or encourage both waste reduction at the source and waste
recycling, and to prohibit or restrict the disposal in landfills of certain
types of solid wastes, such as yard wastes and leaves, beverage containers,
newspapers, household appliances and batteries. Regulations reducing the volume
and types of wastes available for transport to and disposal in landfills could
affect our ability to operate our landfill facilities. 

Our waste-to-energy facility has been certified by the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission as a qualifying small power production facility under
the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, as amended PURPA ). PURPA
exempts qualifying facilities from most federal and state laws governing
electric utility rates and financial organization, and generally requires
electric utilities to purchase electricity generated by qualifying facilities
at a price equal to the utility s full avoided cost. 

Our waste-to-energy business is dependent upon our ability to sell the
electricity generated by our facility to an electric utility or a third party
such as an energy marketer. Maine Energy currently sells electricity to an
electric utility under a long-term power purchase agreement. When that
agreement expires, or if the electric utility were to default under the
agreement, there is no guarantee that any new agreement would contain a
purchase price as favorable as the one in the current agreement. 

With regard to the odor control system at our waste-to-energy facility
in Biddeford, Maine involving the redirection of our air emissions through
scrubbers and scrubber vents, we applied to the City of Biddeford for approval of
an increase in the height of our scrubber vents and a change in our odor
control chemicals. The vent height
increase needed approval by both the Planning Board and the Zoning Board of
Appeals ZBA ). The City Council opposed our proposal and it was denied by the
Biddeford Zoning Board of Appeals. We appealed the ZBA denial to York County
Superior Court. By order of the Court
dated June 2, 2005, the parties are scheduled to report to the Court by
December 1, 2005 whether to seek a further continuance in light of ongoing
settlement negotiations or to set a date for oral argument. The Biddeford Planning Board approved our
request to test alternative odor control chemicals as part of the control
system during the summer of 2002 but postponed any approval of the vent height
increase. The test of odor control chemicals showed that none of the three
chemicals tested is more effective than water. Based on the test results, we
withdrew our request to test alternative odor control for the chemicals. Based
on the opposition of the City Council to the vent height increase, we also
withdrew that portion of our planning board application. Notwithstanding our withdrawal of that
application, the Planning Board voted to conditionally approve Maine Energy s
use of alternative odor control chemicals and to require Maine Energy to
evaluate 

15 

certain other control technologies. Based on the absence of an
application before the Planning Board, Maine Energy is disputing the jurisdiction
of the Planning Board to issue an approval and has appealed that decision to
the Zoning Board of Appeals. A hearing was scheduled before the ZBA in
June 2004. The parties have agreed to postpone the ZBA hearing
indefinitely. Since we are not able to increase our vent heights, there is no
assurance that our state-approved odor control system will operate optimally to
control odors, or if it does not, that our operations would not be
significantly curtailed, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Based on the results of the testing that we performed to evaluate the
effectiveness of Maine Energy s odor control system, the City of Biddeford
alleged to DEP in October 2002 that emissions of volatile organic
compounds VOCs from the odor control system exceeded DEP air license
limits. In cooperation with DEP, Maine Energy agreed to voluntarily perform
several rounds of testing to quantify and speciate emissions of VOCs from the
scrubber stacks, using appropriate analytical methods. As a result, we may be
subject to enforcement action by DEP and we may incur additional material costs
to comply with applicable control technology requirements. On December 3,
2003, the City of Biddeford sued Maine Energy in federal court under federal
and state law alleging that we are emitting VOCs without appropriate permits or
appropriate control technology and that we constitute a public nuisance. The
complaint sought an unspecified amount of civil penalties, damages, injunctive
relief and attorney s fees. On June 2, 2004, the complaint was dismissed
without prejudice while settlement negotiations take place. On or about May 25, 2004 Maine Energy
received a revised 60-day Notice of Intent to Sue Under the Clean Air Act from
the Cities of Biddeford and Saco. The
Cities Notice states that they intend to refile suit under the Clean Air Act,
based on the alleged violations identified by their Notice, in the event that
the ongoing settlement negotiations do not resolve the claims. 

In addition, on October 16, 2002, the City of Biddeford and Joseph
Stephenson (as the Code Enforcement Officer for the City of Biddeford) filed a
Land Use Citation and Complaint against Maine Energy alleging that Maine Energy
is emitting levels of volatile organic compounds which exceed permitted levels.
The complaint sought an unspecified amount of civil penalties, a preliminary
and permanent injunction, and legal costs. On December 3, 2002, the court
ruled that the complaint failed to meet certain pleading requirements and
ordered plaintiffs to file a new complaint by December 30, 2002. On
April 7, 2003, the plaintiffs dismissed their action with prejudice. 

In April 2003, the Company obtained a permit from the MADEP to
increase the operating capacity of the Company s solid waste transfer station
located in Holliston, Massachusetts. The
Company is seeking the necessary local approvals required under that
permit. Some local residents have alleged
that the transfer station is not being operated in conformance
with state and local wetlands laws and certain local approvals, first issued in
the 1970s. The Company has taken steps
to identify, respond to and address those allegations, as appropriate. The Company also is evaluating its indemnification
rights against the former owner/operator of the transfer station under the
agreement by which the Company acquired the transfer station. We offer no prediction as to the likely
outcome of these matters, and there can be no assurance that these matters
would not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results
of operations. 

On
March 2, 2005, our subsidiary Casella Waste Management of Pennsylvania, Inc. CWMPA was issued an Administrative Order by the Pennsylvania Department of
Environmental Protection DEP revoking CWMPA s transfer station permit for
its 75-ton-per-day transfer station located in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania and
ordering that the site be closed. The
DEP based its decision on certain alleged violations related to recordkeeping
and site management over a five year period. 
On March 10, 2005, CWMPA appealed the Order to the State s Environmental
Hearing Board EHB ). The Pennsylvania
Attorney General s Office is also conducting a criminal investigation of the
allegations. On March 17, 2005, CWMPA
and the DEP mutually agreed to a Supersedeas Order approved by the EHB which
superseded the March 2, 2005 DEP Order, stating that CWMPA agreed to (i)
voluntarily cease operations at the transfer station until May 16, 2005; (ii)
relocate its hauling company before May 16, 2005; and (iii) develop a
Management and Operation Plan for the transfer station by May 16, 2005. On May 17, 2005, the EHB judge extended the
Supersedeas Order until June 10, 2005 and authorized the transfer station to
resume operations upon completion of the relocation of the hauling company and
receipt of a permit modification related to the weighing of bag waste from
individual customers. CWMPA satisfied
the conditions and recommenced operations at the transfer station on May 20,
2005. On June 9, 2005, CWMPA and the DEP
filed a stipulation with the EHB withdrawing and voiding the March 2, 2005
Order revoking the permit, while reserving the DEP s right to seek civil
penalties and the Company s right to defend against any such penalties. 

On
March 10, 2005, the Zoning Enforcement Officer for the Town of Hardwick,
Massachusetts rendered an opinion that more than half of the current Phase II
footprint of the Company s Hardwick Landfill is on land that is not properly
zoned. On April 7, 2005, the Company
appealed the opinion to the Hardwick Zoning Board of Appeals. A decision is expected by mid-July 2005. The Company and the Town executed a Host
Community Agreement on June 7, 2005, which provides the Town with certain
immediate benefits and will provide certain deferred benefits upon receipt of
approvals for the rezoning of the existing landfill area and an expansion area. 

16 

Executive Officers and Other Key Employees of
the Company 

Our executive officers and other key employees and their respective
ages as of June 15, 2005 are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Executive Officers 

John W. Casella 

54 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 

James W. Bohlig 

58 

President and Chief Operating Officer, Director 

Richard A. Norris 

61 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Charles E. Leonard 

50 

Senior Vice President, Solid Waste Operations 

Other Key Employees 

Michael J. Brennan 

47 

Vice President and General Counsel 

Timothy A. Cretney 

41 

Regional Vice President 

Christopher M. DesRoches 

47 

Vice President, Selection and Training 

Sean P. Duffy 

45 

Regional Vice President 

Joseph S. Fusco 

41 

Vice President, Communications 

William Hanley 

51 

Vice President, Sales and Marketing 

Brian G. Oliver 

43 

Regional Vice President 

Alan N. Sabino 

45 

Regional Vice President 

Gary R. Simmons 

55 

Vice President, Fleet Management 

Michael J. Wall 

45 

Regional Vice President 

John W. Casella has
served as Chairman of our Board of Directors since July 2001 and as our
Chief Executive Officer since 1993. Mr. Casella served as President from
1993 to July 2001 and as Chairman of the Board of Directors from 1993 to
December 1999. In addition, Mr. Casella has been Chairman of the
Board of Directors of Casella Waste Management, Inc. since 1977.
Mr. Casella is also an executive officer and director of Casella
Construction, Inc., a company owned by Mr. Casella and Douglas R.
Casella. Mr. Casella has been a member of numerous industry-related and
community service-related state and local boards and commissions including the
Board of Directors of the Associated Industries of Vermont, The Association of
Vermont Recyclers, Vermont State Chamber of Commerce and the Rutland Industrial
Development Corporation. Mr. Casella has also served on various state task
forces, serving in an advisory capacity to the Governors of Vermont and New
Hampshire on solid waste issues. Mr. Casella holds an Associate of Science
in Business Management from Bryant Stratton University and a
Bachelor of Science in Business Education from Castleton State College.
Mr. Casella is the brother of Douglas R. Casella, a member of our Board of
Directors. 

James W. Bohlig has
served as our President since July 2001 and as Chief Operating Officer
since 1993. Mr. Bohlig also served as Senior Vice President from 1993 to
July 2001. Mr. Bohlig has served as a member of our Board of
Directors since 1993. From 1989 until he joined us, Mr. Bohlig was
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Russell Corporation, a
general contractor and developer based in Rutland, Vermont. Mr. Bohlig is
a licensed professional engineer. Mr. Bohlig holds a Bachelor of Science
in Engineering and Chemistry from the U.S. Naval Academy, and is a graduate of
the Columbia University Executive Program in Business Administration. 

Richard A. Norris 
has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
since July 2001. He joined us in July 2000 as Vice President and
Corporate Controller. From 1997 to July 2000, Mr. Norris served as
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for NexCycle, Inc., a processor
of secondary materials. From 1986 to 1997, he served as Vice President of
Finance, US Operations for Laidlaw Waste Systems, Inc. Mr. Norris is
qualified as a Chartered Accountant in both Canada and the United Kingdom.
Mr. Norris graduated from Leeds University with a Bachelor of Arts in
German. 

Charles E. Leonard 
has served as our Senior Vice President, Solid Waste Operations since
July 2001. From December 1999 until he joined us, he acted as a
consultant to several corporations, including Allied Waste
Industries, Inc. From November 1997 to December 1999, he was
Regional Vice President for Service Corporation International, a provider of
death-care services. From September 1988 to January 1997, he served
as Senior Vice President, US Operations for Laidlaw Waste Systems, Inc.
From June 1978 to July 1988, Mr. Leonard was employed by
Browning-Ferris Industries in various management positions. Mr. Leonard is
a graduate of Memphis State University with a Bachelor of Arts in Marketing. 

17 

Michael J. Brennan 
has served as our Vice President and General Counsel since July 2000. From
January 1996 to July 2000, he served in various capacities at Waste
Management, Inc., including most recently, as Associate General Counsel. 

Timothy A. Cretney 
has served as our Western Regional Vice President since May 2002. From
January 1997 to May 2002 he served as Regional Controller for our
Western region. From August 1995 to January 1997, Mr. Cretney
was Treasurer and Vice President of Superior Disposal Services, Inc., a waste
services company which we acquired in January 1997. From 1992 to 1995, he
was General Manager of the Binghamton, New York office of Laidlaw Waste
Systems, Inc. and from 1989 to 1992 he was Central New York Controller of
Laidlaw Waste Systems. Mr. Cretney holds a B.A. in Accounting from State
University of New York College at Brockport. 

Christopher M. DesRoches 
has served as our Vice President, Selection and Training since June 1,
2005. From November 1996 to June 2005,
Mr. DesRoches served as our Vice President, Sales and Marketing. From January 1989 to November 1996,
he was a regional vice president of sales for Waste Management, Inc.
Mr. DesRoches is a graduate of Arizona State University. 

Sean P. Duffy has
served as our FCR Regional Vice President since December 1999. Since
December 1999, Mr. Duffy has also served as Vice President of
FCR, Inc., which he co-founded in 1983 and which became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of ours in December 1999. From May 1983 to December 1999,
Mr. Duffy served in various capacities at FCR, including, most recently,
as President. From May 1998 to May 2001, Mr. Duffy also served
as President of FCR Plastics, Inc., a subsidiary of FCR, Inc. 

Joseph S. Fusco has
served as our Vice President, Communications since January 1995. From
January 1991 through January 1995, Mr. Fusco was self-employed
as a corporate and political communications consultant. Mr. Fusco is a
graduate of the State University of New York at Albany. 

William
Hanley has served as our Vice-President, Sales and
Marketing since June 1, 2005. From 2001 until 2005, Mr. Hanley served as
Vice-President, General Sales Manager of Waste Industries, USA. From 1994-2001,
he held various sales management positions for Waste Management, Inc and
predecessor companies. Mr. Hanley is a graduate of Clarion State University
with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. 

Larry B. Lackey has
served as our Vice President, Permits, Compliance and Engineering since 1995.
From 1993 to 1995, Mr. Lackey served as our Manager of Permits, Compliance
and Engineering. From 1984 to 1993, Mr. Lackey was an Associate Engineer
for Dufresne-Henry, Inc., an engineering consulting firm. Mr. Lackey
is a graduate of Vermont Technical College. 

Brian G. Oliver has
served as our North Eastern Regional Vice President since June 2004. From
April 1998 to June 2004 he served as our Eastern Regional Controller.
From June 1996 to April 1998, Mr. Oliver served as Division
Controller of two Vermont operations. Mr. Oliver holds a Bachelor of Science in
Business Administration from Bryant College and also holds a Masters degree
from St. Michael s College. 

Alan N. Sabino has
served as our Central Regional Vice President since July 1996. From 1995
to July 1996, Mr. Sabino served as a Division President for Waste
Management, Inc. From 1985 to 1994, he served as Region Operations Manager
for Chambers Development Company, Inc., a waste management company.
Mr. Sabino is a graduate of Pennsylvania State University. 

Gary R. Simmons has
served as our Vice President, Fleet Management since May 1997. From
December 1996 to May 1997, Mr. Simmons was the owner of GRS
Consulting, a waste industry consulting firm. From 1995 to December 1996,
Mr. Simmons served as National and Regional Fleet Service Manager for USA
Waste Services, Inc., a waste management company. From 1977 to 1995,
Mr. Simmons served in various fleet maintenance and management positions
for Chambers Development Company, Inc. 

Michael J. Wall has
served as our South Eastern Regional Vice President since June 2004. From 2002-2004, Mr. Wall served as Director
of Operations for Waste Management, Inc. in Massachusetts. From 1998-2002, Mr. Wall served as a Division
Manager for Waste Management, Inc. overseeing operations in Central New York
and Eastern Massachusetts. From
1993-1998, Mr. Wall held the position of Group Sales Manager for USA Waste Services,
Inc. From 1983-1993, 

18 

Mr. Wall held various sales management positions throughout the
Northeast for Browning Ferris Industries. 
Mr. Wall is a graduate of New England College of New Hampshire. 

Available Information 

Our Internet website is http://www.casella.com. We make available,
through our website free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to those reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We make
these reports available through our website at the same time that they become
available on the Securities and Exchange Commission s website. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

At June 15, 2005, we owned and/or operated eight subtitle D landfills,
two landfills permitted to accept construction and demolition materials, 34
transfer stations, 24 of which are owned, five of which are leased and five of
which are under operating contract, 37 solid waste collection facilities, 25 of
which are owned and 12 of which are leased, 38 recyclable processing
facilities, 16 of which are owned, 14 of which are leased and eight of which
are under operating contracts, one waste-to-energy facility, and utilized ten
corporate office and other administrative facilities, four of which are owned
and six of which are leased. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

During
the period of November 21, 1996 to October 9, 1997, we performed
certain closure activities and installed a cut-off wall at the Clinton County
landfill, located in Clinton County, New York. In April 1999, the New York
State Department of Labor DOL alleged that we should have paid prevailing
wages in connection with the labor associated with such activities. We have
disputed the allegations and a hearing on the liability issue was held on
September 16, 2002. In November 2002, both sides submitted proposed
findings of fact and conclusions of law. On May 12, 2004, the Commissioner of
Labor issued an order finding that the closure activities and the cut-off wall
project were public works projects that were subject to prevailing wage
requirements. On June 10, 2004 we filed a judicial challenge to the
Commissioner s decision, which was stayed for a nine-month period. On April 15, 2005, we reached a settlement
with the DOL whereby we agreed to pay back wages in the amount of 0.5 million,
interest in the amount of 0.2 million, and a civil penalty in the amount of
 0.03 million. We also withdrew our
appeal of the Commissioner s findings. 

The
New Hampshire Superior Court in Grafton, NH ruled on February 1, 1999 that
the Town of Bethlehem, NH could not enforce an ordinance purportedly
prohibiting expansion of the our NCES landfill, at least with respect to 51
acres of NCES s 87 acre parcel, based upon certain existing land-use approvals.
As a result, NCES was able to construct and operate Stage II, Phase II of the
landfill. In May 2001, the Supreme Court denied the Town s appeal.
Notwithstanding the Supreme Court s 2001 ruling, the Town continued to assert
jurisdiction to conduct unqualified site plan review with respect to Stage III
and has further stated that the Town s height ordinance and building permit
process may apply to Stage III. On September 12, 2001, we filed a petition
for, among other things, declaratory relief. On December 4, 2001, the Town
filed an answer to our petition asserting counterclaims seeking, among other
things, authorization to assert site plan review over Stage III, which
commenced operation in December 2000, as well as the methane gas
utilization/leachate handling facility operating in Stage III, and also an order
declaring that an ordinance prohibiting landfills applies to Stage IV
expansion. The trial related to the Town s jurisdiction was held in
December 2002 and on April 24, 2003, the Grafton Superior Court
upheld the Town s 1992 ordinance preventing the location or expansion of any
landfill, ruling that the ordinance may be applied to any part of Stage IV that
goes beyond the 51 acres; ruling that the Town s height ordinance is valid
within the 51 acres; upholding the Town s right to require Site Plan Review, except
that there are certain areas within the Town s Site Plan Review regulation that
are preempted; and ruling that the methane gas utilization/leachate handling
facility is not subject to the Town s ordinance forbidding incinerators. On May 27, 2003, NCES appealed the Court
ruling to the New Hampshire Supreme Court. 
On March 1, 2004, the Supreme Court issued an opinion affirming
that NCES has all of the local approvals that it needs to operate within the 51
acres. If successful in obtaining state
permits for development and operation within the 51 acres, NCES expects to be
able to provide from three to five years of disposal capacity. The Supreme Court s opinion left open for
further review the question of whether the Town s 1992 ordinance can prevent expansion
of the facility outside the 51 acres, remanding to the Superior Court two legal
claims raised by NCES as grounds for invalidating the 1992 ordinance. An interlocutory appeal to the Supreme Court
by NCES regarding a Superior Court judge s denial of a motion to recuse herself
was denied on November 18, 2004. The
parties have filed numerous motions for summary judgment before the trial
court. On April 19, 2005, the Superior
Court judge granted NCES partial motion for summary judgment, ruling that the 

19 

1992
ordinance is invalid because it distinguishes between users of land rather
than uses of land, and that the state statute preempts the Town s ability to
issue a building permit for the methane gas utilization/leachate handling
facility to the extent the Town s regulations relate to design, installation,
construction, modification or operation. 
A remand trial will be scheduled for the remaining issues not resolved
by summary judgment (whether the Town can impose site plan review requirements
outside the 51 acres, and whether the 1992 ordinance contravenes the general
welfare of the community). 

On
or about November 7, 2001, our subsidiary New England Waste Services of ME, Inc.
was served with a complaint filed in Massachusetts Superior Court on behalf of
Daniel J. Quirk, Inc. and 14 citizens against The Massachusetts Department
of Environmental Protection MADEP ), Quarry Hill Associates, Inc. and
New England Waste Services of ME, Inc. dba New England Organics, et al.
The complaint seeks injunctive relief related to the use of MADEP-approved
wastewater treatment sludge in place of naturally occurring topsoil as final
landfill cover material at the site of the Quarry Hills Recreation Complex Project
in Quincy, Massachusetts (the Project ), including removal of the material, or
placement of an additional clean cover. On February 21, 2002, the MADEP
filed a motion for stay pending a litigation control schedule. Plaintiffs have
filed a cross-motion to consolidate the case with 11 other cases they filed
related to the Project. Additionally, we have cross-claimed against other named
defendants seeking indemnification and contribution. In September 2002,
the court granted a stay of all proceedings pending the filing of summary
judgment motions by all defendants on the issue of whether the plaintiffs are
barred from suing the defendants as a result of a covenant not to sue that was
signed by plaintiffs in 1998. On December 17, 2002, the court granted certain
summary judgment motions filed by the defendants, the effect of which was the
dismissal of all claims against all defendants in all cases where New England
Waste Services of ME, Inc. was a defendant. On or about February 12, 2003,
plaintiffs filed an appeal. On September 24, 2004, the Massachusetts State
Appeals court reversed the Superior Court and reinstated the dismissed
cases. On May 20, 2005, plaintiff
proposed to dismiss without prejudice the two actions in which New England
Waste Services of ME, Inc. is a defendant. 
We believe that we have meritorious defenses to these claims. 

On
January 10, 2002, the City of Biddeford, Maine filed a lawsuit in York
County Superior Court in Maine alleging breach of the waste handling agreement
among the Biddeford-Saco Waste Handling Committee, the cities of Biddeford and
Saco, Maine and our subsidiary Maine Energy for (1) failure to pay the
residual cancellation payments in connection with our merger with KTI and
(2) processing amounts of waste above contractual limits without notice to
the City. On May 3, 2002, the City of Saco filed a lawsuit in York County
Superior Court against us, Maine Energy and other subsidiaries. The complaint
in that action, which was amended by the City of Saco on July 22, 2002,
alleges breaches of the 1991 waste handling agreement for failure to pay the
residual cancellation payment, which Saco alleges is due as a result of, among
other things, (1) our merger with KTI and (2) Maine Energy s failure
to pay off certain limited partner loans in accordance with the terms of the
agreement. The complaint also seeks damages for breach of contract and a court
order requiring us to provide an accounting of all transactions since
May 3, 1996 involving transfers of assets to or for the benefit of the
equity owners of Maine Energy. On June 6, 2002, the additional 13
municipalities that were parties to the 1991 waste handling agreements filed a
lawsuit in York County Superior Court against Maine Energy alleging breaches of
the 1991 waste handling agreements for failure to pay the residual cancellation
payment which they allege is due as a result of (1) our merger with KTI;
and (2) failure to pay off the limited partner loans when funds were
allegedly available. On July 25, 2002, the three actions were consolidated
for purposes of discovery, case management and pretrial proceedings. On
December 23, 2003, the action brought by the Tri-County Towns against
Maine Energy was stayed pursuant to a court order as a result of a conditional
settlement reached by the parties. The settlement became final, and, on or
about July 8, 2004, the Tri-County Towns action was dismissed with prejudice
pursuant to stipulation by the parties. We are currently engaged in settlement
negotiations with the Cities of Biddeford and Saco concerning the claims
asserted in these actions and other matters, however, at this stage it is
impossible to predict whether a settlement will be reached. We have vigorously
contested the claims asserted by the cities. We believe that we have meritorious
defenses to these claims. 

On
or about September 17, 2003, we were served with a complaint filed in the
Superior Court of Delaware. The complaint alleges that Manner Resins, Inc., our
wholly-owned subsidiary, was a party to a lease agreement where it was a tenant
and the plaintiff was the landlord. The complaint further alleges that KTI,
Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, guaranteed the tenant s obligations under
the lease. The landlord alleges that the tenant is in default of the lease in
that it constructed improvements without consent, damaged certain structures
and failed to make certain payments. Plaintiff s demand for damages is 0.9
million. We filed a summary judgment motion to dismiss Manner Resins, Inc. in
that it was incorrectly named as a party since the tenant is a company now known
as First State Recycling, Inc. First State ), which we sold on August 11,
2000. On June 3, 2005, the Court granted
our motion for summary judgment effectively dismissing Manner Resins, Inc. While KTI, Inc. remains in the litigation,
the buyer of First State has agreed to indemnify and defend us from any
liability that KTI, Inc. might have in the litigation. We believe that we have meritorious defenses
to these claims. 

20 

On
or about December 3, 2003, Maine Energy was served with a complaint filed
in the United States District Court for the District of Maine. The complaint was a citizen suit under the
federal Clean Air Act CAA and similar state law alleging (1) emissions of
volatile organic compounds VOCs in violation of its federal operating
permit; (2) failure to accurately identify emissions; and (3) failure to
control VOC emissions through implementation of reasonably available control
technology. In addition, the complaint
alleged that Maine Energy was negligent and that the subject emissions cause
odors and constitute a public nuisance. 
The allegations related to Maine Energy s waste-to-energy facility
located in Biddeford, Maine and its construction, installation and operation of
a new odor control system which redirects air from tipping and processing
buildings to a boiler building for treatment by three air vents. The complaint sought an unspecified amount of
civil penalties, damages, injunctive relief and attorney s fees. The court allowed the City s requests to
amend its complaint to assert (1) an additional CAA claim that Maine Energy
filed with the Maine DEP a compliance certification for calendar year 2002
which failed to disclose required information concerning VOC emissions, and (2)
an additional claim that the installation of the odor control system
constituted a major modification under the Maine DEP air rules, which required
Maine Energy to obtain emission offsets and to apply the most stringent level
of emission control known as the Lowest Available Emission Rate or LAER. This latter amendment sought additional
relief in the form of an order requiring that Maine Energy obtain emission
offsets and apply LAER to emissions from its tipping and processing
operations. On June 2, 2004, the City of
Biddeford dismissed the subject complaint without prejudice while settlement
negotiations take place. On or about May
25, 2004, Maine Energy received a revised 60-Day Notice of Intent to Sue Under
the CAA from the Cities of Biddeford and Saco. 
The Notice states that the Cities intend to refile suit under the CAA in
the event that the ongoing settlement negotiations do not resolve the claims. On or about July 22, 2004 and March 28, 2005,
Maine Energy received from the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA a request for information pursuant to section 114(a)(1) of the CAA, which
states that the EPA is evaluating whether the Maine Energy facility is in
compliance with the CAA, CAA regulations, and licenses issued under the
CAA. Maine Energy intends to fully
cooperate with the EPA in connection with these requests for information
pertaining to VOC emissions issues. 

On
March 2, 2005, our subsidiary Casella Waste Management of Pennsylvania, Inc. CWMPA was issued an Administrative Order by the Pennsylvania Department of
Environmental Protection DEP revoking CWMPA s transfer station permit for
its 75-ton-per-day transfer station located in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania and
ordering that the site be closed. The
DEP based its decision on certain alleged violations related to recordkeeping
and site management over a five-year period. 
On March 10, 2005, CWMPA appealed the Order to the State s Environmental
Hearing Board EHB ). The Pennsylvania
Attorney General s Office is also conducting a criminal investigation of the
allegations. On March 17, 2005, CWMPA
and the DEP mutually agreed to a Supersedeas Order approved by the EHB which
superseded the March 2, 2005 DEP Order, stating that CWMPA agreed to (i)
voluntarily cease operations at the transfer station until May 16, 2005; (ii)
relocate its hauling company before May 16, 2005; and (iii) develop a
Management and Operation Plan for the transfer station by May 16, 2005. On May 17, 2005, the EHB judge extended the
Supersedeas Order until June 10, 2005 and authorized the transfer station to
resume operations upon completion of the relocation of the hauling company and
receipt of a permit modification related to the weighing of bag waste from
individual customers. CWMPA satisfied
the conditions and recommenced operations at the transfer station on May 20,
2005. On June 9, 2005, CWMPA and the DEP
filed a stipulation with the EHB withdrawing and voiding the March 2, 2005
Order revoking the permit, while reserving the DEP s right to seek civil
penalties and the Company s right to defend against any such penalties. 

On
March 10, 2005, the Zoning Enforcement Officer for the Town of Hardwick,
Massachusetts rendered an opinion that more than half of the current Phase II
footprint of the Company s Hardwick Landfill is on land that is not properly
zoned. On April 7, 2005, the Company
appealed the opinion to the Hardwick Zoning Board of Appeals. A decision is expected by mid-July 2005. The Company and the Town executed a Host
Community Agreement on June 7, 2005, which provides the Town with certain
immediate benefits and will provide certain deferred benefits upon receipt of
approvals for the rezoning of the existing landfill area and an expansion area. 

On
March 14, 2005, we and our subsidiary New England Waste Services of ME, Inc. NEWSME were served with a complaint filed by the Environmental Exchange in the State
of Maine Superior Court alleging restraint of trade, and conspiracy to
monopolize trade. The plaintiff claims
that our ownership of NEWSME, which in turn owns the New England Organics line
of business and the Pine Tree Landfill, allegedly enabled NEWSME to obtain
favorable tipping fees at Pine Tree Landfill thereby excluding the plaintiff
from competitively bidding on a contract with Indeck Maine Energy LLC to haul
and dispose of fly ash. Plaintiff
alleges that we and NEWSME lessened competition and monopolized trade. On April 4, 2005, we and NEWSME filed a
motion to dismiss. We believe that we
have meritorious defenses to these claims. 

On
May 25, 2005, we were served with an antitrust summons by the Office of the
Attorney General of the State of Maine pursuant to their investigation of
whether we and the City of Lewiston have entered into an agreement to operate a 

21 

municipal landfill in restraint of trade or
commerce and whether such an agreement would constitute an acquisition of
assets that may substantially lessen competition or tend to create a
monopoly. The summons seeks the
production of documents related to our operations in the State of Maine. We believe that we have meritorious defenses
to any such claims. 

We offer no prediction of the outcome of any of the proceedings described
above. We are vigorously defending each of these lawsuits. However, there can
be no guarantee we will prevail or that any judgments against us, if sustained
on appeal, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

We are a defendant in certain other lawsuits alleging various claims
incurred in the ordinary course of business, none of which, either individually
or in the aggregate, we believe are material to our business, financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF
SECURITY HOLDERS 

There were no matters submitted to a vote of the security holders
during the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2005. 

22 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Class A common stock trades on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol CWST . The following table sets forth the high and low sale
prices of our Class A common stock for the periods indicated as quoted on
the Nasdaq National Market. 

Period 

High 

Low 

Fiscal Year Ending April 30, 2004 

First quarter 

12.45 

7.80 

Second quarter 

14.42 

10.68 

Third quarter 

15.00 

11.90 

Fourth quarter 

15.70 

12.52 

Fiscal Year Ending April 30, 2005 

First quarter 

15.50 

11.90 

Second quarter 

12.65 

10.80 

Third quarter 

15.27 

11.97 

Fourth quarter 

15.30 

11.47 

On June 15, 2005, the high and low sale prices per share of our
Class A common stock as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market were 11.92
and 11.50, respectively. As of June 15, 2005 there were approximately 519
holders of record of our Class A common stock and two holders of record of
our Class B common stock. There is no established trading market for our
Class B common stock. 

For purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of the shares of
common stock held by non-affiliates, as shown on the cover page of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, it has been assumed that all the outstanding shares
of Class A common stock were held by non-affiliates except for the shares
beneficially held by directors and executive officers and funds represented by
them. 

No dividends have ever been declared or paid on our common stock and we
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its common stock in the
foreseeable future. Our credit facility restricts the payment of dividends on
common stock. 

23 

ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND
OPERATING DATA 

The
following selected consolidated financial and operating data set forth below
with respect to our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for
the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005, and the consolidated
balance sheets as of April 30, 2004 and 2005 are derived from the
Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.
The consolidated statements of operations and cash flows data for the
fiscal years ended April 30, 2001 and 2002, and the consolidated balance
sheet data as of April 30, 2001, 2002 and 2003 are derived from the
previously filed Consolidated Financial Statements. The data set forth below
should be read in conjunction with the Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

2001 (1) (4) 

2002(1) (4) 

2003 (1) (4) 

2004 (1) (4) 

2005 

Statement of Operations Data: 

Revenues 

479,026 

420,067 

419,518 

437,961 

481,964 

Cost of operations 

320,521 

275,961 

277,579 

285,828 

310,921 

General and administration 

63,848 

54,167 

55,432 

58,167 

63,678 

Depreciation and amortization 

53,352 

50,621 

47,879 

59,596 

65,637 

Impairment charge 

79,687 

4,864 

1,663 

Restructuring charge 

4,151 

(438 

Legal settlements 

4,209 

Other miscellanseous charges 

1,604 

Deferred costs 

295 

Operating income (loss) 

(48,346 

39,756 

33,764 

32,707 

41,433 

Interest expense, net 

38,423 

30,355 

26,036 

25,249 

29,391 

Other (income)/expense, net 

27,358 

(6,535 

(175 

3,688 

(894 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before income taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change
 in accounting principle 

(114,127 

15,936 

7,903 

3,770 

12,936 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

(20,511 

5,140 

3,825 

(1,622 

5,725 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

(93,616 

10,796 

4,078 

5,392 

7,211 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
 net 

(4,072 

(109 

(20 

(10 

140 

Estimated loss on disposal of discontinued
 operations, net 

(2,657 

(4,096 

(82 

Reclassification from discontinued
 operations, net 

(1,190 

1,140 

50 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle, net 

(250 

(63,916 

2,723 

Net income (loss) 

(101,535 

7,481 

(59,808 

8,105 

7,269 

Preferred stock dividend 

1,970 

3,010 

3,094 

3,252 

3,338 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders 

(103,505 

4,471 

(62,902 

4,853 

3,931 

Basic net (loss) income per common share 

(4.46 

0.19 

(2.65 

0.20 

0.16 

Basic weighted average common shares
 outstanding (2) 

23,189 

23,496 

23,716 

24,002 

24,679 

Diluted net (loss) income per common share 

(4.46 

0.19 

(2.63 

0.20 

0.16 

Diluted weighted average common shares
 outstanding (2) 

23,189 

24,169 

23,904 

24,445 

25,193 

24 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

(in thousands) 

2001 (1) (4) 

2002(1) (4) 

2003 (1) (4) 

2004 (1) (4) 

2005 

Other Operating Data: 

Capital expenditures 

(61,518 

(37,674 

(41,925 

(58,335 

(80,064 

Other Data: 

Cash flows provided by operating activities 

63,261 

67,687 

66,952 

69,898 

83,034 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

(55,565 

(9,533 

(63,208 

(123,658 

(103,755 

Cash flows provided by (used in) financing
 activities 

18,765 

(70,065 

7,610 

46,115 

21,292 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

22,001 

4,298 

15,652 

8,007 

8,578 

Working capital (deficit), net (3) 

25,168 

(11,795 

(11,591 

(25,875 

(31,949 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

290,537 

287,206 

302,328 

372,038 

412,753 

Goodwill 

225,969 

219,730 

159,682 

157,230 

157,492 

Total assets 

686,293 

621,611 

602,641 

676,277 

712,454 

Long-term debt, less current maturities 

350,511 

277,545 

302,389 

349,163 

378,436 

Redeemable preferred stock 

57,720 

60,730 

63,824 

67,076 

67,964 

Total stockholders' equity 

172,951 

176,796 

119,152 

130,055 

138,782 

(1) We have revised our consolidated statements
of operations to reflect the discontinuation of operations during fiscal years
ended April 30, 2001 through 2005. We
have also revised our consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated
balance sheets to reflect the discontinuation of certain operations during
fiscal year 2000. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003, we entered into
negotiations with former employees for the transfer of our domestic brokerage
operations and a commercial recycling business and in June 2003, we
completed the transaction. The commercial recycling business had been accounted
for as a discontinued operation since fiscal year 2001. Due to the nature of
the transaction, we could not retain discontinued accounting treatment for this
operation. Therefore the commercial recycling operating results have been
reclassified from discontinued to continuing operations for fiscal years ended
April 30, 2001, 2002 and 2003. In connection with the discontinued accounting
treatment in fiscal year 2001, estimated future losses from the operations were
recorded and classified as losses from discontinued operations. This amount has
been reclassified and offset against actual loss from operations in fiscal
years ended April 30, 2001, 2002 and 2003. 

We divested the assets of
Data Destruction Services, Inc. Data Destruction during the quarter ended October
31, 2004. The transaction required discontinued operations treatment under SFAS
No. 144; therefore the operating results of Data Destruction have been
reclassified from continuing to discontinued operations in fiscal years ended
April 30, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004. 
See Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(2) Computed on the basis described in
Note 1(n) of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(3) Working capital, net is defined as current
assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, minus current liabilities. 

(4) Certain reclassifications have been made to
the prior period financial statements to conform to the fiscal year 2005
presentation. 

25 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of our financial condition and
results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated
Financial Statements and Notes thereto, and other financial information,
included elsewhere in this Form10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual results
may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Casella
Waste Systems, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is a vertically integrated
regional solid waste services company that provides collection, transfer,
disposal and recycling services to residential, industrial and commercial
customers, primarily throughout the eastern region of the United States. As of June 15, 2005, we owned and/or operated
eight Subtitle D landfills, two landfills permitted to accept construction and
demolition materials, 37 solid waste collection operations, 34 transfer stations,
38 recycling facilities and one waste-to-energy facility, as well as a 50 
interest in a joint venture that manufactures, markets and sells cellulose
insulation made from recycled fiber. 

In December 1999, we acquired KTI, an integrated provider of waste
processing services, for aggregate consideration of 340.0 million. KTI
represented a unique opportunity to acquire disposal capacity and collection
operations in our primary market area and in contiguous markets in eastern
Massachusetts, as well as other businesses which fit within our operating
strategy. Following our acquisition of KTI in December 1999 through 2002,
we focused on the integration of KTI and the divestiture of non-core KTI
assets. 

From 2003 to date, we have focused on building our disposal capacity
within our footprint, using our partnership model. We believe we have been
successful, since we have added Hardwick and Southbridge in Massachusetts,
Ontario in upper New York State and West Old Town in Maine, as well as expanded
our annual permit limits and overall capacity at our other sites that we own or
operate. In fiscal year 2004 we were
successful in securing an increase of our permitted volume capacity from 417 to
1,000 tons per day at our Hakes landfill facility. At our Waste USA landfill facility, the
annual permitted volume was amended in fiscal year 2005 to allow 370,000 tons
per year, an increase of 130,000 tons from previously approved levels. In fiscal year 2005, our Hyland landfill facility
received a necessary local approval for the future expansion of an additional
38 acres, representing approximately 5.7 million tons of additional capacity
(subject to receipt of permits). The
annual tons disposed in our landfills have increased from 1.4 million tons at
the beginning of fiscal year 2003 to 2.5 million tons at the end of fiscal year
2005, and total permitted and permittable capacity has increased from 26.1 tons
to 81.7 million tons at over the same time frame. We have also closed on 22 tuck-in
acquisitions during that time, but these have been largely opportunistic. From
May 1, 1994 through April 30, 2005, we have acquired 212 solid waste
collection, transfer, recycling and disposal operations. 

This
objective of building disposal capacity is to increase our vertical integration
within our footprint to optimize our control of the waste stream from
collection through disposal thereby providing an economic benefit. Internalization of waste refers to the amount
of waste that our collection companies collect that is ultimately disposed of
in one of our disposal facilities. As a
result of our success in building disposal capacity our internalization
increased to 56.8 in fiscal year 2005 from 53.2 in fiscal year 2004. 

Our
revenues increased from 438.0 million for the fiscal year ended April 30,
2004 to 482.0 million for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2005. From May 1, 2002 through April 30,
2005, we acquired 29 solid waste collection, transfer, disposal and recycling
operations. Under the rules of purchase
accounting, the acquired companies revenues and results of operations have
been included from the date of acquisition and affect the period-to-period
comparisons of our historical results of operations. Effective September 30, 2002, we
transferred our export brokerage operations to former employees who had been
responsible for managing that business. 
The domestic brokerage operations, and a recycling business,
constituting the remainder of our brokerage revenues, were transferred
effective June 30, 2003 to the employees of that unit. Due to the structure of these transactions,
the transfers were not initially recorded as a sale. Effective April 1, 2004, we completed
the sale of the export brokerage operations for total consideration of
approximately 5.0 million. The gain on
the sale amounted to approximately 1.1 million. For the fiscal years ended April 30,
2004 and 2003, the transferred brokerage and recycling businesses accounted for
 3.3 million and 35.7 million, respectively, of our revenues. 

During
the second quarter of fiscal 2005, we completed the sale of the assets of
Data Destruction Services, Inc. (Data Destruction) for cash sale proceeds of
 3.0 million. This shredding operation
had been historically accounted for as a component of continuing operations up
until its sale. The transaction required
discontinued operations treatment under 

26 

SFAS No. 144, therefore the operating results of Data Destruction have
been reclassified from continuing to discontinued operations in fiscal 2003,
2004 and 2005. Also in connection with
the discontinued accounting treatment, the loss (net of tax) from the sale
amounting to 0.1 million has been recorded and classified as a loss on
disposal of discontinued operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates
and judgments which are based on historical experience and on various other factors
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of
their evaluation form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions and circumstances. Our significant accounting policies
are more fully discussed in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements
contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Landfill Accounting Capitalized Costs and Amortization 

We use life-cycle accounting
and the units-of-consumption method to recognize certain landfill costs. Capitalized
landfill costs include expenditures for land and related airspace, permitting
costs and preparation costs. Landfill
permitting and preparation costs represent only direct costs related to these
activities, including legal, engineering and construction. Landfill preparation
costs include the costs of construction associated with excavation, liners,
site berms and the installation of leak detection and leachate collection
systems. Interest is capitalized on landfill construction projects while the
assets are undergoing activities to ready them for their intended use. The interest capitalization rate is based on
the Company s weighted average cost of indebtedness. Interest capitalized for the years ended
April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 was 719, 356 and 492, respectively. Management routinely reviews its investment
in operating landfills, transfer stations and other significant facilities to
determine whether the costs of these investments are realizable. Our judgments
regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on regulatory
factors, market conditions and the operational performance of our landfills.
Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and
that our landfill carrying costs are impaired. Any resulting impairment charge
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Under life-cycle accounting, all costs related to acquisition and
construction of landfill sites are capitalized and charged to income based on
tonnage placed into each site. Landfill
permitting, acquisition and preparation costs are amortized on the
units-of-consumption method as landfill airspace is consumed. In determining
the amortization rate for these landfills, preparation costs include the total
estimated costs to complete construction of the landfills permitted and
permittable capacity. In determining estimated future landfill permitting,
acquisition, construction and preparation costs, we consider the landfill costs
associated with permitted and permittable airspace. To be considered
permittable, airspace must meet all of the following criteria: 

we control the land on
which the expansion is sought; 

all technical siting
criteria have been met or a variance has been obtained or is reasonably
expected to be obtained; 

we have not identified
any legal or political impediments which we believe will not be resolved in our
favor; 

we are actively working
on obtaining any necessary permits and we expect that all required permits will
be received within the next two to five years; and 

senior management has
approved the project. 

Units-of-consumption
amortization rates are determined annually for each of our operating landfills.
The rates are based on estimates provided by our engineers and accounting
personnel and consider the information provided by airspace surveys, which are
performed at least annually. Significant changes in our estimates could
materially increase our landfill depletion rates, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our estimate of future landfill permitting,
acquisition, construction and preparation costs as of April 30, 2005
increased to 363.3 million, compared to 299.6 million as of
April 30, 2004 and 149.1 million as of April 30, 2003. The increase in estimated costs in fiscal
2005 is primarily as a result of additional permitted and permittable airspace
from our newly acquired landfill and landfill operating contracts, which
increased airspace to 81.7 million tons as of April 30, 2005 as compared
to 65.6 million 

27 

tons as of April 30, 2004 and 29.6
million tons as of April 30, 2003. 
Landfill amortization expense for the years ended April 30, 2005,
2004 and 2003 was 27.6 million, 22.7 million and 13.3 million,
respectively. The increase in fiscal
year 2005, compared to fiscal year 2004, was primarily attributable to
increased landfill volumes in part resulting from our new landfill operating
contracts, which became active in the third and fourth quarter of fiscal year
2004. Higher landfill amortization
expense in fiscal year 2004, compared to fiscal year 2003 was due to volume
increases, the effect of newly acquired landfill operations, and as a result of
adopting SFAS No. 143. 

Landfill Accounting Capping, Closure and Post-Closure
Costs 

Capping
includes installation of liners, drainage, compacted soil layers and topsoil
over areas of a landfill where total airspace has been consumed and waste is no
longer being received. Capping
activities occur throughout the life of the landfill. Our engineering personnel estimate the cost
for each capping event based on the acreage to be capped and the capping
materials and activities required. The
estimates also consider when these costs would actually be paid and factor in
inflation and discount rates. The
engineers then quantify the landfill capacity associated with each capping
event and the costs for each event are amortized over that capacity as waste is
received at the landfill. 

Closure
and post-closure costs represent future estimated costs related to monitoring
and maintenance of a solid waste landfill, after a landfill facility ceases to
accept waste and closes. We estimate,
based on input from our engineers, accounting personnel and consultants, our
future cost requirements for closure and post-closure monitoring and maintenance
based on our interpretation of the technical standards of the Subtitle D
regulations and the air emissions standards under the Clean Air Act as they are
being applied on a state-by-state basis. 
Closure and post-closure accruals for the cost of monitoring and
maintenance include site inspection, groundwater monitoring, leachate
management, methane gas control and recovery, and operation and maintenance
costs to be incurred for a period which is generally for a term of 30 years
after final closure of a landfill. 
Significant reductions in our estimates of the remaining lives of our
landfills or significant increases in our estimates of the landfill closure and
post-closure maintenance costs could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. 
In determining estimated future closure and post-closure costs, we
consider costs associated with permitted and permittable airspace. 

Our estimates of costs to
discharge capping, closure and post-closure asset retirement obligations for
landfills are developed in today s dollars. 
These costs are then inflated to the period of performance using an
estimate of inflation which is updated annually (2.6 was used in both fiscal
year 2004 and 2005). Capping, closure
and post-closure liabilities are discounted using the credit adjusted risk-free
rate in effect at the time the obligation is incurred (7.6 to 9.5 ). Accretion expense is necessary to increase
the accrued capping, closure and post-closure liabilities to the future anticipated
obligation. To accomplish this, we accrete our capping, closure and
post-closure accrual balances using the same credit-adjusted, risk-free rate
that was used to calculate the recorded liability. Accretion expense on recorded landfill
liabilities is recorded to cost of operations from the time the liability is
recognized until the costs are paid. 
Accretion expense amounted to 1.9 million and 2.2 million in fiscal
years 2004 and 2005, respectively. 

Our
estimate of future capping, closure and post-closure costs was 157.6 million as
of April 30, 2005, compared to 148.7 million as of April 30, 2004
and 82.4 million as of April 30, 2003. The increase in estimated costs in fiscal
2005 is primarily as a result of additional permitted and permittable airspace
from our newly acquired landfill operating contracts, which also increased
airspace to 81.7 million tons as of April 30, 2005 compared to 65.6 million
tons as of April 30, 2004 and 29.6 million tons as of April 30, 2003. 

We provide for
the accrual and amortization of estimated future obligations for closure and
post-closure based on tonnage placed into each site. With regards to capping, the liability is
recognized and these costs are amortized based on the airspace related to the
specific capping event. 

Accrued
capping, closure and post-closure costs include the current and non-current
portion of costs associated with obligations for capping, closure and
post-closure of our landfills. The changes to accrued capping, closure and
post-closure liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

28 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Beginning balance, May 1 

24,772 

25,949 

25,223 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle (1) 

(7,855 

Capping, closure, and post-closure
 liability, adjusted 

24,772 

18,094 

25,223 

Obligations incurred 

8,400 

4,556 

4,774 

Revisions in estimates 

(1,371 

(2,795 

Accretion expense 

1,871 

2,201 

Payments (2) 

(9,164 

(2,707 

(6,068 

Acquisitions and other adjustments (3) 

1,941 

4,780 

3,293 

Balance, April 30 

25,949 

25,223 

26,628 

(1) Upon adoption of SFAS No. 143, on May 1,
2003, we recorded a cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of 2.7
million (net of taxes of 1.9 million). 
In addition we recorded a decrease in our capping, closure and
post-closure obligations of 7.9 million, and a decrease in our net landfill
assets of 3.2 million. For additional
information and analyses of the impact that adopting SFAS No. 143 had on our
balance sheet and our results of operations for the year ended April 30,
2004, see Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form
10-K. 

(2) Spending levels were higher in fiscal year
2003 mainly due to closure activities at our Woburn, Massachusetts and Pine
Tree, Maine landfills. Spending levels
increased in fiscal year 2005 mainly due to closure activities at our
Southbridge, Massachusetts landfill. 

(3) In fiscal year 2003, we
recorded closure and post-closure accruals relating to the Hardwick landfill
acquisition. The increase in fiscal 2005
is as a result of capping, closure and post-closure accruals relating to the
acquisition of the Southbridge, Massachusetts landfill operating contract. 

We
estimate our future capping, closure and post-closure costs in order to
determine the capping, closure and post-closure expense per ton of waste placed
into each landfill as further described in Note 1(l) to our consolidated
financial statements. The anticipated
timeframe for paying these costs varies based on the remaining useful life of
each landfill, as well as the duration of the post-closure monitoring
period. Based on our permitted and
permittable airspace at April 30, 2005, we expect to make payments
relative to capping, closure and post-closure activities from fiscal year 2006
through fiscal year 2093. 

Asset Impairment 

In
accordance with SFAS No. 144, Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , we review our long-lived
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the remaining estimated useful life of such assets might warrant revision or
that the balances may not be recoverable. 
We evaluate possible impairment by comparing estimated discounted future
cash flows to determine with the net book value of long-term assets including
amortizable intangible assets. If
undiscounted cash flows are insufficient to recover assets, further analysis is
performed in order to determine the amount of the impairment. An impairment loss is then recorded equal to
the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds their fair
value. Fair value is usually determined
based on the present value of estimated expected future cash flows using a
discount rate commensurate with the risks involved. 

Upon
adoption of SFAS No. 142 we have eliminated the amortization of goodwill
and annually assess goodwill impairment at each fiscal year end by applying a
fair value based test. We evaluate goodwill
for impairment based on fair value of each operating segment. We estimate fair value based on net future
cash flows discounted using an estimated weighted average cost of capital. We recognize an impairment if the net book
value exceeds the fair value of the discounted future cash flows. 

Bad Debt Allowance 

Estimates
are used in determining our allowance for bad debts and are based on our
historical collection experience, current trends, credit policy and a review of
our accounts receivable by aging category. 
Our reserve is evaluated and revised on a monthly basis. 

Self-Insurance Liabilities and Related Costs 

We
are self insured for vehicles and workers compensation. The liability for unpaid claims and
associated expenses, including incurred but not reported losses, is determined
by a third party actuary and reflected in our consolidated balance 

29 

sheet as an accrued liability. We use a third party to track and evaluate
actual claims experience for consistency with the data used in the annual
actuarial valuation. The actuarially
determined liability is calculated in part by reference to past claims
experience, which considers both the frequency and settlement amount of claims. 

Income Tax Accruals 

We
record income taxes in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes . 
Under SFAS No. 109, deferred income taxes are recognized based on
the expected future tax consequences of differences between the financial
statement basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, calculated using
currently enacted tax rates. Management
judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and
liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax
assets. Valuation allowances have been
established for the possibility that tax benefits may not be realized for
certain deferred tax assets. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This
Form 10-K and other reports, proxy statements, and other communications to
stockholders, as well as oral statements by our officers or our agents, may
contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act, with
respect to, among other things, our future revenues, operating income, or
earnings per share. Without limiting the
foregoing, any statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not
statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements,
and the words believes , anticipates , plans , expects , and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. There are a number of important factors of
which we are aware that may cause our actual results to vary materially from
those forecasted or projected in any such forward-looking statement, certain of
which are beyond our control. Our failure to successfully address any of these
factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

General 

Revenues 

Our
revenues in our North Eastern, South Eastern, Central and Western regions are
attributable primarily to fees charged to customers for solid waste disposal
and collection, landfill, waste-to-energy, transfer and recycling
services. We derive a substantial portion
of our collection revenues from commercial, industrial and municipal services
that are generally performed under service agreements or pursuant to contracts
with municipalities. The majority of our
residential collection services are performed on a subscription basis with
individual households. Landfill,
waste-to-energy facility and transfer customers are charged a tipping fee on a
per ton basis for disposing of their solid waste at our disposal facilities and
transfer stations. The majority of our
disposal and transfer customers are under one to ten year disposal contracts,
with most having clauses for annual cost of living increases. Recycling revenues, which are included in
FCR, Central and Western regions, consist of revenues from the sale of recyclable
commodities and operations and maintenance contracts of recycling facilities
for municipal customers. FCR revenues
included revenues from commercial brokerage and recycling operations through
June 30, 2003 and revenues from the export brokerage business through September
2002, when those operations were sold. 

Our
cellulose insulation business is conducted through a 50/50 joint venture with
Louisiana-Pacific, and accordingly, we recognize half of the joint venture s
net income on the equity method in our results of operations. Also, in the Other segment, we have
ancillary revenues including major customer accounts and earnings from equity
method investees. 

Our
revenues are shown net of inter-company eliminations. We typically establish our inter-company
transfer pricing based upon prevailing market rates. The table below shows, for the periods
indicated, the percentage of our revenues attributable to services
provided. For the fiscal years ended
April 30, 2004 and 2003, the percentages of revenues shown below reflect
revenues from the domestic brokerage and recycling operations through
June 30, 2003 and revenues from the export brokerage business through
September 2002. The export business
was transferred to the employees of that unit in September 2002 and our
domestic brokerage operations, constituting the remainder of our brokerage
revenues, was transferred effective June 30, 2003 to the employees of that
unit. Net of brokerage revenues,
collection revenues as a percentage of total revenue in fiscal years ended
April 30, 2005 and 2004 were lower compared to prior year respective periods,
despite an increase in the absolute dollar amounts, mainly because of the large
increase in recycling revenue dollars. 
Landfill/disposal revenues as a percentage of total revenues, net of
brokerage revenues, increased in the fiscal years ended April 30, 2005 and 2004
compared to prior year respective periods due to the incremental volumes
associated with recently acquired landfill facilities. Recycling revenues increased over the three
year period as a percentage of total revenues 

30 

mainly due to higher commodity prices and
volumes. The decrease in brokerage
revenues as a percentage of revenues is due to the transfer of the export and domestic
brokerage businesses to employees of those units. 

Fiscal Year 
 Ended April 30, 

2003 (1) 

2004 (1) 

2005 

Collection 

49.8 

51.8 

49.4 

Landfill/disposal facilities 

14.3 

15.9 

16.6 

Transfer 

8.4 

8.9 

8.7 

Recycling 

18.7 

22.7 

25.3 

Brokerage 

8.8 

0.7 

0.0 

Total revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

(1) We revised percentages of total revenues for
fiscal years ended April 30, 2003 and 2004 to conform with our classification
of revenues attributable to services provided in the fiscal year ended April
30, 2005. 

Operating Expenses 

Cost
of operations includes labor, tipping fees paid to third-party disposal
facilities, fuel, maintenance and repair of vehicles and equipment, worker s
compensation and vehicle insurance, the cost of purchasing materials to be
recycled, third party transportation expense, district and state taxes, host
community fees and royalties. Cost of
operations also includes accretion expense related to landfill capping, closure
and post closure, leachate treatment and disposal costs and depletion of
landfill operating lease obligations. 

General
and administration expenses include management, clerical and administrative
compensation and overhead, professional services and costs associated with
marketing, sales force and community relations efforts. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense includes depreciation of fixed assets over the
estimated useful life of the assets using the straight-line method,
amortization of landfill airspace assets under the units-of-consumption method,
and the amortization of intangible assets (other than goodwill) using the
straight-line method. In accordance with
SFAS No. 143, Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations, except for accretion expense, we amortize landfill
retirement assets through a charge to cost of operations using a straight-line
rate per ton as landfill airspace is utilized. 
The amount of landfill amortization expense related to airspace
consumption can vary materially from landfill to landfill depending upon the
purchase price and landfill site and cell development costs. We depreciate all fixed and intangible
assets, other than goodwill, to a zero net book value, and do not apply a
salvage value to any fixed assets. 

We
capitalize certain direct landfill development costs, such as engineering,
permitting, legal, construction and other costs associated directly with the
expansion of existing landfills. Additionally, we also capitalize certain third
party expenditures related to pending acquisitions, such as legal and
engineering costs. We routinely evaluate
all such capitalized costs, and expense those costs related to projects not
likely to be successful. Internal and
indirect landfill development and acquisition costs, such as executive and
corporate overhead, public relations and other corporate services, are expensed
as incurred. 

We
will have material financial obligations relating to capping, closure and
post-closure costs of our existing landfills and any disposal facilities which
we may own or operate in the future. We
have provided and will in the future provide accruals for these future
financial obligations based on engineering estimates of consumption of
permitted landfill airspace over the useful life of any such landfill. There can be no assurance that our financial
obligations for capping, closure or post-closure costs will not exceed the
amount accrued and reserved or amounts otherwise receivable pursuant to trust
funds. 

31 

Results of Operations 

The
following table sets forth for the periods indicated the percentage
relationship that certain items from our consolidated financial statements bear
in relation to revenues. 

Fiscal
 Year 
 Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of operations 

66.1 

65.3 

64.5 

General and administration 

13.2 

13.2 

13.2 

Depreciation and amortization 

11.4 

13.6 

13.6 

Impairment charge 

1.2 

0.4 

Deferred costs 

0.1 

Operating income 

8.1 

7.5 

8.6 

Interest expense, net 

6.2 

5.8 

6.1 

Income from equity method investments 

(0.5 

(0.5 

(0.6 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

0.9 

0.4 

Other expense/(income), net and minority interest 

(0.4 

1.4 

0.1 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

0.9 

(0.4 

1.1 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

1.0 

1.2 

1.5 

Fiscal Year 2005 versus Fiscal Year 2004 

Revenues. Revenues increased 44.0 million, or 10.0 , to 482.0 million in fiscal
year 2005 from 438.0 million in fiscal year 2004. Revenues from the rollover effect of acquired
businesses accounted for 23.7 million of the increase, primarily due to new
disposal facilities in the Western and South Eastern regions (the Ontario and
Southbridge landfills), as well as a new recycling facility in the South
Eastern region, all of which became active in the third and fourth quarters of
fiscal 2004, partially offset by the loss of revenues from the divestiture of
the domestic brokerage business amounting to 3.3 million. The revenue increase is also attributable to
an increase in solid waste revenues of 14.5 million, due primarily to higher
hauling and transfer volumes in the Central region, higher composting volumes
in the North Eastern region and higher commodity prices which resulted in an
increase in recycling revenues of 9.1 million. 

Cost of operations. Cost of operations increased
 25.1 million, or 8.8 , to 310.9 million in fiscal year 2005 from 285.8
million in fiscal year 2004. Cost of operations as a percentage of revenues
decreased to 64.5 for the fiscal year 2005, from 65.3 in the prior year
primarily due to the effect of lower disposal costs as a percentage of
revenue from the impact of the activation of new disposal capacity. The dollar increase in cost of operations
expense for fiscal year 2005 is primarily due to the effect of higher levels of
operating activity and acquired businesses, higher cost of commodity purchases
due to higher prices, higher transportation costs as well as higher fuel costs. 

General
and administration. General and administration expenses increased
 5.5 million, or 9.5 , to 63.7 million in fiscal year 2005 from 58.2 million
in fiscal year 2004. General and
administration expenses as a percentage of revenues remained unchanged in
fiscal year 2005 compared to fiscal year 2004. 
The dollar increase in general and
administration expense was due to higher bonus accruals, communications and
training costs as well as expenses related to compliance with the Sarbanes
Oxley Act. 

Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense increased 6.0 million, or 10.1 
to 65.6 million in fiscal year 2005 from 59.6 million in fiscal year
2004. While depreciation expense
increased by 1.2 million between periods, landfill amortization expense
increased by 4.8 million which was primarily due to higher volumes, in part related
to new disposal facilities which became active in the third and fourth quarters
of fiscal year 2004. Depreciation and
amortization expense as a percentage of revenues remained unchanged in fiscal
year 2005 compared to fiscal year 2004. 

Impairment charge. In the fourth quarter of fiscal
2004 we recorded an impairment charge of 1.7 million consisting of a 0.4
million write-down of our investment in Resource Optimization Technology ROT ),
a compost facility, which we transferred at no cost to a third party in
February 2005; a charge of 0.9 million relating to the sale of buildings and
land at our former recycling facility in Mechanics Falls, Maine; and a charge
of 0.4 million related to the discontinuation of an effort to develop a new
landfill project in Rockingham, VT. 

32 

Deferred costs. A charge of 0.3 million was recorded in
fiscal 2005 to reflect the write-off of deferred development costs associated
with unsuccessful negotiations to operate and develop a landfill located in McKean
County, Pennsylvania. 

Operating income. Operating income increased 8.7 million, or
26.6 , to 41.4 million in fiscal year 2005 from 32.7 million in fiscal year
2004 and increased as a percentage of revenues to 8.6 in fiscal year 2005 from
7.5 in fiscal year 2004. The increase
in operating income is primarily due to higher levels of revenue. 

Interest
expense, net. Net interest expense increased 4.2 million,
or 16.7 , to 29.4 million in fiscal year 2005, from 25.2 million in fiscal
year 2004. This increase is mainly
attributable to higher average debt balances due to higher capital expenditures
and payments on landfill operating lease contracts as well as higher average
interest rates in fiscal year 2005 compared to the prior year. Net interest expense, as a percentage of
revenues, increased to 6.1 for fiscal year 2005 from 5.8 for fiscal year
2004. 

Income from equity method
investments. Income from equity method investments for
fiscal years ended April 30, 2005 and 2004 was solely from our 50 joint
venture interest in GreenFiber. Equity
income from GreenFiber increased 0.6 million to 2.9 million in fiscal year
2005 compared to 2.3 million in fiscal year 2004. The increase is attributable to higher volume
as well as increased pricing. 

Loss on debt extinguishment. 
 In the fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2005 we entered into a new senior secured credit
facility resulting in the write off of 1.7 million in debt financing costs
associated with the old senior secured credit facility. 

Other expense/(income), net . Other expense in fiscal year 2005 was 0.3
million compared to 5.9 million in fiscal year 2004. Other expense in fiscal year 2005 consisted
of the costs of winding down the operations of the New Heights power plant and
a loss on retirement of fixed assets, partially offset by gains on the sale of
equipment and a dividend from our investment in Evergreen National Indemnity
Company. Other expense in fiscal year
2004 included an 8.0 million charge for the write-down of our investment in
the New Heights power plant venture and our remaining investment in certain
tire recycling operations and the power plant venture. Offsetting this charge, we recognized a gain
of 1.1 million on the completion of our sale of its export recyclables
business and other gains, primarily on the sale of trucks and containers, of
 0.5 million. 

Provision/(benefit)
for income taxes. Provision for income taxes increased 7.3
million for fiscal year 2005 to 5.7 million from (1.6) million for fiscal
year 2004. The effective tax rate
increased to 44.3 for fiscal year 2005 from (43.0) for fiscal year 2004 primarily due to a prior year decrease in the
valuation allowance for loss carryforwards as utilization of the Company s
tax losses became more certain. 

Income from continuing operations before discontinued
operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle. Income from continuing operations before discontinued operations and
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle increased 1.8 million, or
33.3 , to 7.2 million in fiscal year 2005 from 5.4 million in fiscal year
2004 and increased as a percentage of revenue to 1.5 in fiscal year 2005 from
1.2 in fiscal year 2004. The increase
in income from continuing operations before discontinued operations and
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle is due to increased
operating income, partially offset by increased interest expense and higher tax
expense due to a higher effective tax rate. 
The North Eastern and South Eastern region s income from continuing
operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle decreased in fiscal year 2005 compared to fiscal year 2004
due primarily to higher costs associated with new disposal facility projects,
one of which is not yet fully operational. 
Western region s income from continuing operations before discontinued
operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle increased
from the prior period due to the acquisition of an operating contract at the
Ontario landfill. FCR Recycling s income
from continuing operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect
of change in accounting principle increased in fiscal year 2005 from 2004 due
primarily to favorable commodity pricing. 

Income
(loss) from discontinued operations/Loss on disposal of discontinued
operations. During the second
quarter of fiscal 2005, we completed the sale of the assets of
Data Destruction Services, Inc. Data Destruction for cash sale proceeds of
 3.0 million. This shredding operation
had been historically accounted for as a component of continuing operations up
until its sale. The transaction required
discontinued operations treatment under SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, therefore
the operating results of Data Destruction have been reclassified from
continuing to discontinued operations in fiscal 2003, 2004 and 2005. Also in connection with the discontinued 

33 

accounting treatment, the loss
(net of tax) from the sale amounting to 0.1 million has been recorded and
classified as a loss on disposal of discontinued operations. 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net. Effective May 1, 2003, we adopted SFAS No.
143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations. The primary modification to our methodology
required by SFAS No. 143 is to require that capping, closure and post-closure
costs be discounted to present value. Upon adoption of SFAS No. 143 we recorded a
cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of 2.7 million (net of
taxes of 1.9 million) in order to reflect the cumulative change in accounting
for landfill obligations retroactive to the date of the inception of the
landfill. 

Fiscal Year 2004 versus Fiscal Year 2003 

Revenues. Revenues increased 18.5 million, or 4.4 , to
 438.0 million in fiscal year 2004 from 419.5 million in fiscal year
2003. The revenue increase is attributable to an increase in core solid waste
revenues of 15.7 million, due primarily to higher composting volumes in the
North Eastern region, higher hauling and transfer volumes in the Central and
Southeastern regions as well as higher landfill volumes in the Western region. Higher recycling volumes and prices resulted
in a net increase in recycling revenues of 12.0 million. Loss of revenues from businesses divested,
primarily domestic and export brokerage, amounted to 32.6 million, partially
offset by the roll-over effect of businesses acquired of 23.4 million,
primarily due to new disposal facilities in the Western and South Eastern
regions (Ontario, Southbridge and Hardwick landfills) as well as solid waste
hauling operations in the Central, South
Eastern and Western regions . 

Cost of operations. Cost of operations increased
 8.2 million, or 3.0 , to 285.8 million in fiscal year 2004 from
 277.6 million in fiscal year 2003. Cost of operations as a percentage of
revenues decreased to 65.3 in fiscal year 2004 from 66.2 in fiscal year
2003. The dollar increase in cost of
operations expenses is primarily due to the effect of acquired businesses and a
net increase in material purchases resulting from higher recycling volumes,
which were partially offset by lower commodity purchases resulting from the
divestiture of the export and domestic brokerage
business. 

General and administration. 
 General and
administration expenses increased 2.8 million, or 5.1 , to
 58.2 million in fiscal year 2004 from 55.4 million in fiscal year
2003. General and administration expenses as a percentage of revenues remained
unchanged in fiscal year 2004 compared to fiscal year 2003. The
dollar increase in general and administrative costs was due to higher bad debt
and travel costs associated with the development of new landfill capacity. 

Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense increased 11.7 million, or
24.4 to 59.6 million in fiscal year 2004 from 47.9 million in
fiscal year 2003. Depreciation expense
was up 2.4 million between periods and landfill amortization expense increased
 9.3 million which was primarily attributable to increased landfill volumes,
the effect of newly acquired landfill operations and as a result of adopting
SFAS No. 143. Depreciation and
amortization expense as a percentage of revenue rose to 13.6 in fiscal year
2004 from 11.4 in fiscal year 2003 which resulted from the higher landfill
amortization expense. 

Impairment charge. In the fourth quarter of fiscal
2004 we recorded an impairment charge of 1.7 million consisting of a 0.4
million write-down of our investment in Resource ROT, a compost facility, which
we intend to transfer at a third party; a charge of 0.9 million relating to
the sale of buildings and land at our former recycling facility in Mechanics
Falls, Maine; and a charge of 0.4 million related to the discontinued
Rockingham landfill project. 

Operating
income. Operating income decreased 1.1 million, or
3.3 , to 32.7 million in fiscal year 2004 from 33.8 million in fiscal year
2003 and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 7.5 in fiscal year 2004 from
8.0 in fiscal year 2003. The decrease
in operating income is primarily due to higher depreciation and amortization
attributable to increased landfill volumes, the effect of newly acquired
landfill operations and as a result of adopting SFAS No. 143. 

Interest expense, net. 
 Net interest
expense decreased 0.8 million, or 3.1 , to 25.2 million in fiscal year 2004,
from 26.0 million in fiscal year 2003. This decrease is primarily attributable
to lower average debt balances and lower interest rates on variable rate debt
in the current year, versus the prior period. Interest expense, as a percentage
of revenues, decreased to 5.8 in fiscal year 2004 from 6.2 in fiscal year
2003. 

Income from equity method
investments. Income from equity method investments for
fiscal years ended April 30, 2004 and 2003 was solely from our 50 joint
venture interest in GreenFiber. Equity
income from GreenFiber increased 0.2 million to 2.3 million in fiscal year
2004 compared to 2.1 million in fiscal year 2003. Equity income from GreenFiber in 

34 

fiscal year 2003 included a
 1.0 million gain associated with an eminent domain settlement received from a
state department of transportation on the involuntary conversion of a portion
of a GreenFiber leased manufacturing facility. 

Loss on debt extinguishment. 
 In fiscal year
2003, we entered into a new senior secured credit facility resulting in the
write off of 3.6 million in debt financing costs associated with the old
senior secured credit facility. 

Minority interest. Minority interest in fiscal year 2003 reflects a minority owner s
interest in our majority owned subsidiary, American Ash Recovery Technologies AART ). AART completed its ash operation contract and
closed its operations in fiscal year 2003. 

Other expense/(income), net . Other expense in fiscal year 2004 included an
 8.0 million charge for the write-down of our investment in the New Heights
power plant venture and our remaining investment in certain tire recycling
operations and the power plant venture. 
Offsetting this charge, we recognized a gain of 1.1 million on the
completion of our sale of its export recyclables business and other gains,
primarily on the sale of trucks and containers, of 0.5 million. Other income in fiscal 2003 was attributable
to a gain of 1.2 million related to a settlement with Oakhurst Company,
Inc., as well as a gain on the divestitures and other assets of 1.0 million
and a gain on the conclusion of the AART contract of 0.3 million, offset by a
 1.3 million charge for interest rate swap unwind costs. 

Provision/(benefit) for income taxes. Provision for income
taxes decreased 5.4 million for fiscal year 2004 to a benefit of
 (1.6) million from a provision of 3.8 million for fiscal year 2003.
The effective tax rate decreased to (43.0) for fiscal year 2004 from 48.4 for
fiscal year 2003. This was primarily due to a decrease in the valuation
allowance for loss carryforwards in 2004 as utilization of tax losses is more
certain, as well as, in 2003, the nondeductible impairment of goodwill and
nondeductible losses on business dispositions. 

Income
from continuing operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect
of change in accounting principle. Income from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
increased 1.3 million, or 31.7 , to 5.4 million in fiscal year 2004 from 4.1
million in fiscal year 2003 and increased as a percentage of revenue to 1.2 in
fiscal year 2004 from 1.0 in fiscal year 2003. 
South Eastern region s income from continuing operations before
discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
decreased in fiscal year 2004 compared to fiscal year 2003 due primarily to
hauling activities as well as the adoption of SFAS No. 143. North Eastern region s income from continuing
operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle increased due the adoption of SFAS 143 partially offset by
impairment charges for ROT and our Mechanic Falls facility. FCR Recycling s income from continuing
operations before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle increased in fiscal year 2004 compared to fiscal year 2003
due to prior year impairment charges associated with domestic brokerage and
commercial recycling. 

Income
(loss) from discontinued operations, net . During the second quarter of fiscal 2005, we
completed the sale of the assets of Data
Destruction. This shredding operation
had been historically accounted for as a component of continuing operations up
until its sale. The transaction required
discontinued operations treatment under SFAS No. 144, therefore the operating
results of Data Destruction have been reclassified from continuing to
discontinued operations in fiscal 2003 and 2004. 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle,
net. Effective May 1,
2003, we adopted SFAS No. 143. The primary modification to our methodology
required by SFAS No. 143 is to require that capping, closure and post-closure
costs be discounted to present value. 
Upon adoption of SFAS No. 143 we recorded a cumulative effect of change
in accounting principle of 2.7 million (net of taxes of 1.9 million) in order
to reflect the cumulative change in accounting for landfill obligations
retroactive to the date of the inception of the landfill. 

Effective
May 1, 2002, we adopted SFAS No. 142, Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets, which, among other things, eliminates
the amortization of goodwill and requires an annual assessment of goodwill
impairment by applying a fair value based test. 
Goodwill was determined to be impaired and the amount of 63.9 million
(net of tax benefit of 0.2 million) was charged to earnings in fiscal 2003 as
a cumulative effect of change in accounting principle. The goodwill impairment charge was related to
our waste-to-energy operation, Maine Energy, and the brokerage business of the
FCR Recycling segment, both of which were acquired as part of our acquisition
of KTI. At the time of acquisition, we recorded the fair value of these
businesses using an independent third party valuation. The underlying assumptions used to establish
the value of these businesses, including earnings projections, commodity
pricing assumptions and industry valuation multiples for recycling products,
were not realized. Accordingly, goodwill
impairment charges were recorded as the net book value of these 

35 

businesses exceeded their fair
value. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
business is capital intensive. Our
capital requirements include acquisitions, fixed asset purchases and capital
expenditures for landfill development and cell construction as well as site and
cell closure. We had a net working
capital deficit of 31.9 million at April 30, 2005 compared to a net
working capital deficit of 25.9 million at April 30, 2004. Working capital, net comprises current
assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, minus current liabilities. The main factors accounting for the decrease
were higher trade payables and accrual balances due to higher capital expenditures
close to year end 2005, deferred taxes and higher
current accruals for capping, closure and post-closure costs, partially
offset by increases in trade receivables associated with higher revenues in the
last month of the year and lower current maturities of long-term debt related
to the new credit facility as well as payments on various seller financed notes
in fiscal 2005. 

On
April 29, 2005, we entered into a new senior credit facility with a group of
banks for which Bank of America is acting as agent. The new facility consists of a senior secured
revolving credit facility in the amount of 350.0 million. Under certain circumstances we have the
option of increasing the credit facility by an additional 100.0 million
provided that we are not in default at the time of the increase, and subject to
the receipt of commitments from lenders for such additional amount. This credit facility is secured by all of our
assets, including our interest in the equity securities of our
subsidiaries. The new revolving credit
facility matures April 2010. The initial
borrowings under the credit facility were used to repay all outstanding
indebtedness under the old term loan and the old revolver. The former senior credit facility consisted
of a 175.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility and a senior
secured term B loan, which had an outstanding balance of 148.5 million at
April 29, 2005. Further advances
were available under the old revolver and new revolver in the amount of 142.1
million and 140.4 million as of April 30, 2004 and 2005,
respectively. These available amounts
are net of outstanding irrevocable letters of credit totaling 32.9 million and
 32.3 as of April 30, 2004 and 2005. 
As of April 30, 2004 and 2005 no amounts had been drawn under the
outstanding letters of credit. 

The
new senior revolving credit facility agreement contains covenants that may
limit our activities, including covenants that restrict dividends on common
stock, limit capital expenditures, and set minimum net worth and interest
coverage and leverage ratios. As of
April 30, 2005, we were in compliance with all covenants. 

We
recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.7 million as a result of the
write-off of deferred financing costs associated with the old senior secured
credit facility. 

We
have historically entered into interest rate swap agreements to balance fixed
and floating rate debt interest risk in accordance with management s
criteria. The agreements are contracts
to exchange fixed and floating interest rate payments periodically over a
specified term without the exchange of the underlying notional amounts. The agreements provide only for the exchange
of interest on the notional amounts at the stated rates, with no multipliers or
leverage. Differences paid or received
over the life of the agreements are recorded in the consolidated financial
statements as additions to or reductions of interest expense on the underlying
debt. We terminated two interest rate
swap agreements effective April 28, 2005 concurrent with entering into the new
credit facility. We received net
proceeds of 0.4 million which will be amortized against interest expense over
the remaining original term of the swap contracts, to February 2006. 

On May 9, 2005, we entered into three separate interest rate swap
agreements with three banks for a notional amount of 75.0 million. The contracts are forward starting contracts
that will effectively fix the interest index rate on the entire notional amount
at 4.4 from May 4, 2006 through May 5, 2008. 

As
of April 30, 2005, we had outstanding 195.0 million of 9.75 senior
subordinated notes (the notes which mature in January 2013. The senior subordinated note indenture
contains covenants that restrict dividends, stock repurchases and other
payments, and limits the incurrence of debt and issuance of preferred
stock. The notes are guaranteed jointly
and severally, fully and unconditionally by our significant wholly-owned
subsidiaries. 

Net
cash provided by operating activities in fiscal years ended April 30, 2005 and
2004 amounted to 83.0 million and 69.9 million, respectively. The
increase was mainly due to higher landfill amortization and depreciation
expense which increased approximately 6.0 million. This was primarily due to higher landfill
volumes, in part related to new disposal facilities which became active in the
third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2004. 
Higher income from equity method investments of 0.6 million was more
than offset by a dividend of 2.0 million from GreenFiber in fiscal year 2005. 

36 

Deferred
income taxes increased 7.1 million from the prior year. Depletion of landfill operating lease
obligations increased 3.6 million from the prior year which was due to
landfill operating lease contracts entered into in the third and fourth
quarters of fiscal year 2004 . 
The increase from fiscal year 2004 to 2005 was partially offset by the
loss on asset writedown recorded in fiscal year 2004. Changes in assets and liabilities, net of
effects of acquisitions and divestitures, decreased 1.0 million from the prior
year. 

Net cash used in investing
activities in fiscal year 2005 and fiscal year 2004 amounted to 103.8 million
and 123.7 million, respectively. The decrease in cash used in investing activities
was due to lower acquisition activity by 23.1 million in the current year as
well as higher proceeds from divestitures of 1.9 million and advances to
unconsolidated entities of 7.3 million in fiscal year 2004 which did not recur
in fiscal year 2005. Capital
expenditures increased 21.7 million due to increased landfill development as
well as real property purchases partially offset by a decrease in payments on landfill
operating lease contracts of 11.9 million related to landfill operating lease
agreements entered into during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year
2004. 

Net cash provided by
financing activities was 21.3 million in fiscal year 2005 compared to 46.1
million provided by financing activities in fiscal year 2004. The
decrease in cash provided by financing activities is primarily due to lower net
borrowings of 22.7 million for fiscal year 2005. Higher net borrowings for fiscal year 2004
were utilized primarily to fund acquisition activity. 

Our
capital expenditures were 80.1 million in fiscal year 2005 compared to 58.3
million in fiscal year 2004. Capital
spending was higher in fiscal year 2005 mainly due to capital expenditures
related to existing landfills and newly acquired landfill operating
contracts. We expect capital spending to
amount to between 95.0 million and 99.0 million in fiscal year 2006. The expected increase is due to capital expenditures
at the newly acquired landfills. 

In
fiscal year 2005, we acquired ten solid waste hauling and disposal operations
for an aggregate consideration of 10.2 million, consisting of 9.5 million in
cash and 0.7 million in notes payable and other consideration. In fiscal year
2004, we acquired ten solid waste hauling operations and one construction and
demolition processing facility, which also operates a landfill facility under
an operating lease contract for an aggregate consideration of 32.6 million,
consisting of 31.9 million in cash and 0.7 million in other consideration. We also obtained two landfill operating lease
contracts in fiscal year 2004. For the new landfill operating lease contracts,
we made payments totaling 20.3 million and 32.2 million in fiscal years 2005
and 2004, respectively. 

We
generally meet liquidity needs from operating cash flow. These liquidity needs are primarily for
capital expenditures for vehicles, containers and landfill development, debt
service costs and capping, closure and post-closure expenditures. It is our intention to continue to grow
organically and through acquisitions. 
The funds to do so are expected to be obtained from operations and the
our credit facility. At April 30, 2005
at the Company s existing covenant requirements, all of the funds available
under that facility could have been drawn without breaching those covenants. 

In
addition, we have filed a universal shelf registration statement with the SEC
which has not yet become effective. Once
declared effective by the SEC, we could, from time to time, issue securities
there under in an amount of up to 250.0 million. However, our ability and willingness to issue
securities pursuant to this registration statement will depend on market
conditions at the time of any such desired offering and therefore we may not be
able to issue such securities on favorable terms, if at all. 

Contractual Obligations 

The
following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and
commitments as of April 30, 2005 (in thousands) and the anticipated effect
of these obligations on our liquidity in future years: 

Fiscal Year(s) April 30, 

2006 

2007-2008 

2009-2010 

Thereafter 

Total 

Long-term debt 

281 

536 

177,440 

195,000 

373,257 

Capital lease obligations 

632 

1,394 

81 

2,107 

Interest obligations (1) 

29,121 

58,070 

57,921 

50,700 

195,812 

Operating leases (2) 

8,976 

16,609 

13,980 

122,814 

162,379 

Closure/post-closure 

5,162 

6,869 

9,450 

136,086 

157,567 

Redeemable preferred securities (3) 

76,119 

76,119 

Total contractual cash obligations (4) 

44,172 

159,597 

258,872 

504,600 

967,241 

37 

(1) Interest obligations
based on long-term debt and capital lease balances as of April 30,
2005. Interest obligations related to
variable rate debt was calculated using variable rates in effect at
April 30, 2005. 

(2) Includes obligations
related to landfill operating lease contracts. 

(3) Assumes redemption on
the seventh anniversary of the closing date at the book value which includes
all accrued and unpaid dividends. 

(4) Contractual cash
obligations do not include accounts payable or accrued liabilities, which will
be paid in fiscal year 2006. 

We
believe that our cash provided internally from operations together with our
senior secured credit facility should enable us to meet our working capital and
other cash needs for the foreseeable future. 

Inflation and Prevailing Economic Conditions 

To
date, inflation has not had a significant impact on our operations. Consistent
with industry practice, most of our contracts provide for a pass-through of
certain costs, including increases in landfill tipping fees and, in some cases,
fuel costs. We have implemented a fuel
surcharge program, which is designed to recover fuel price fluctuations. We therefore believe we should be able to
implement price increases sufficient to offset most cost increases resulting
from inflation. However, competitive factors may require us to absorb at least
a portion of these cost increases, particularly during periods of high
inflation. 

Our
business is located mainly in the eastern United States. Therefore, our
business, financial condition and results of operations are susceptible to
downturns in the general economy in this geographic region and other factors
affecting the region, such as state regulations and severe weather conditions.
We are unable to forecast or determine the timing and/or the future impact of a
sustained economic slowdown. 

New Accounting Standards 

In July 2001, the FASB
issued SFAS No. 141, Business
Combinations and SFAS No. 142, Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets . These new standards significantly
modified the accounting rules related to accounting for business acquisitions,
amortization of intangible assets and the method of accounting for impairments
of existing goodwill. The effective date for SFAS No. 142 was fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2001. 

SFAS No. 142, among
other things, eliminates the amortization of goodwill and requires an annual
assessment of goodwill impairment by applying a fair value based test. SFAS
No. 142 requires that any goodwill recorded in connection with an
acquisition consummated on or after July 1, 2001 not be amortized. We
performed an impairment test as of May 1, 2002 and goodwill was determined
to be impaired and the amount of 63.9 million (net of tax benefit of 0.2
million) was charged to earnings as a cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle. The goodwill impairment is associated with the assets
acquired by us in connection with its acquisition of KTI. Remaining goodwill
will be tested for impairment on an annual basis and further impairment charges
may result. In accordance with the non-amortization provisions of SFAS
No. 142, remaining goodwill will not be amortized going forward. The
following schedule reflects net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per share for
fiscal year 2003 adjusted to exclude impairment charges (dollars in thousands,
except for per share data). 

38 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 April 30, 2003 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

4,078 

Discontinued Operations: 

Loss from discontinued operations, net 

(20 

Reclassification from discontinued
 operations, net 

50 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle, net 

(63,916 

Reported net loss 

(59,808 

Add: 

Goodwill impairment charge (net of income
 taxes of 189) 

63,916 

Adjusted net income 

4,108 

Less: 

Preferred stock dividends 

3,094 

Adjusted net income available to common
 stockholders 

1,014 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic earnings per common share: 

Reported net loss available to common
 stockholders 

(2.65 

Goodwill impairment charge, net 

2.69 

Goodwill amortization, net 

Adjusted basic earnings per share available
 to common stockholders 

0.04 

Diluted earnings per common share: 

Reported net loss available to common
 stockholders 

(2.63 

Goodwill impairment charge, net 

2.67 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share
 available to common stockholders 

0.04 

SFAS
No. 143, Accounting for Asset Retirement
Obligations was adopted effective May 1, 2003. Through
April 30, 2003 we recognized expenses associated with (i) amortization of
capitalized and future landfill asset costs and (ii) future closure and
post-closure obligations on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace was
consumed over the life of the related landfill. 
This practice, referred to as life-cycle accounting within the waste
industry, continues to be followed, with the exception of capitalized and
future landfill capping costs. As a
result of the adoption of SFAS No. 143, future capping costs are identified by
specific capping event and amortized over the specific estimated capacity
related to that event rather than over the life of the entire landfill, as was
the practice prior to our adoption of SFAS No. 143. 

The
primary modification to our methodology required by SFAS No. 143 is that
capping, closure and post-closure costs be discounted to present value. Our
estimates of future capping, closure and post-closure costs historically have
not taken into account discounts for the present value of costs to be paid in
the future. Under SFAS No. 143, our estimates of costs to discharge asset
retirement obligations for landfills are developed in today s dollars. These
costs were are then inflated by 2.6 to reflect a normal escalation of prices
up to the year they are expected to be paid. These estimated costs were then
discounted to their present value using a credit adjusted risk-free rate of
9.5 . 

Under
SFAS No. 143, except for accretion expense, we no longer accrue landfill retirement
obligations through a charge to cost of operations, but rather by an increase
to landfill assets. Under SFAS No. 143, the amortizable landfill assets include
not only the landfill development costs incurred but also the recorded capping,
closure and post-closure liabilities, as well as the cost estimates for future
capping, closure and post-closure costs. The landfill asset is amortized over
the total capacity of the landfill, as airspace is consumed during the life of
the landfill with one exception. The exception is for capping for which both
the recognition of the liability and the amortization of these costs are based
instead on the airspace consumed for the specific capping event. 

Upon
adoption, SFAS No. 143 required a cumulative change in accounting for landfill
obligations retroactive to the date of the inception of the landfill. Inception
of the asset retirement obligation is the date operations commenced or the date
the asset was acquired. To do this, SFAS No. 143 required the creation of the related
landfill asset, net of accumulated amortization, and an adjustment to the
capping, closure and post-closure liability for cumulative accretion. 

At May 1, 2003, the
Company recorded a cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of
 2,723 (net of taxes of 1,856). In
addition we recorded a decrease in our capping, closure and post-closure
obligations of 7,855, and a decrease in our net landfill assets of
 3,228. The following is a summary of
the balance sheet changes for landfill assets and capping, closure and
post-closure liabilities at May 1, 2003 (in thousands): 

39 

Balance at 
 April 30, 2003 

Change 

Balance at 
 May 1, 2003 

Landfill assets 

148,029 

6,166 

154,195 

Accumulated amortization 

(63,207 

(9,394 

(72,601 

Net landfill assets 

84,822 

(3,228 

81,594 

Capping, closure, and post-closure
 liabilities 

25,949 

(7,855 

18,094 

The pro forma effects of the
application of SFAS 143 as if the statement had been adopted on May 1,
2002, rather than May 1, 2003, using May 1, 2003 costs, assumptions
and interest rates are presented below (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 April 30, 2003 

Net (loss) income available to common
 stockholders, as reported 

(62,902 

Reversal of closure and post-closure
 expense, net of tax 

(4,331 

Amortization expense, net of tax 

1,526 

Accretion expense, net of tax 

764 

Pro forma net (loss) income 

(60,861 

Reported net (loss) income per common share 

(2.63 

Pro forma net (loss) income per common
 share 

(2.55 

The pro forma asset
retirement obligation liability balances as if SFAS 143 had been adopted
on May 1, 2002, rather than May 1, 2003, are as follows: 

April 30, 2003 

Accrued capping, closure and post-closure
 costs, as reported 

25,949 

Pro forma accrued capping, closure and
 post-closure costs 

18,094 

In
December 2003, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 (revised
December 2003) Consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities (FIN 46R). FIN 46R requires
unconsolidated variable interest entities to be consolidated by their primary
beneficiaries. FIN 46R was effective for periods ending after
December 15, 2003 for public companies. As of April 30, 2004 and 2005, we
had no material variable interest entities requiring consolidation under
FIN 46R. 

In December
2004, the FASB issued SFAS 123R, Share-Based Payment . SFAS 123R replaces SFAS 123 and supersedes
APB Opinion No. 25 requiring public companies to recognize compensation expense
for the cost of awards of equity instruments. This compensation cost will be
measured as the fair value of the award on the grant date estimated using an
option-pricing model. SFAS 123R was originally issued with implementation required
for interim and annual periods beginning after June 15, 2005. On April 14, 2005, the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) amended the effective date to the beginning of the
first fiscal year after June 15, 2005. 
We are evaluating the various transition provisions under SFAS 123R and
will adopt SFAS 123R effective May 1, 2006, which is expected to result in
increased compensation expense in future periods. 

40 

Certain Factors That May Affect Future Results 

The following important factors, among others, could cause
actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere
by management from time to time. 

The Company s increased leverage may restrict its
future operations and impact its ability to make future acquisitions. 

The
Company s indebtedness has substantially increased. The payment of interest and principal due
under this indebtedness has reduced, and may continue to reduce, funds
available for other business purposes, including capital expenditures and
acquisitions. In addition, the aggregate
amount of indebtedness has limited and may continue to limit the Company s
ability to incur additional indebtedness, and thereby may limit its acquisition
program. 

The Company may not be successful in making
acquisitions of solid waste assets, including developing additional disposal
capacity, or in integrating acquired businesses or assets, which could limit
the Company s future growth. 

The Company s strategy envisions that a substantial part of the Company s
future growth will come from making acquisitions of traditional solid waste
assets or operations and acquiring or developing additional disposal capacity.
These acquisitions may include tuck-in acquisitions within the Company s
existing markets, assets that are adjacent to or outside the Company s existing
markets, or larger, more strategic acquisitions. In addition, from time to time
the Company may acquire businesses that are complementary to the Company s core
business strategy. The Company may not be able to identify suitable acquisition
candidates. If the Company identifies suitable acquisition candidates, the
Company may be unable to negotiate successfully their acquisition at a price or
on terms and conditions favorable to the Company. Furthermore, the Company may
be unable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval to complete potential
acquisitions. 

The Company s ability to achieve the benefits the Company anticipates
from acquisitions, including cost savings and operating efficiencies, depends
in part on the Company s ability to successfully integrate the operations of
such acquired businesses with the Company s operations. The integration of
acquired businesses and other assets may require significant management time
and company resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing
management of the Company s existing operations. 

In
addition, the process of acquiring, developing and permitting additional
disposal capacity is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. For example, the Company
is currently involved in litigation with the Town of Bethlehem, New Hampshire
relating to the expansion of a landfill owned by the Company s wholly owned
subsidiary, North Country Environmental Services, Inc. Moreover, the disposal
capacity at the Company s existing landfills is limited by the remaining
available volume at the Company s landfills and annual, quarterly and/or daily
disposal limits imposed by the various governmental authorities with
jurisdiction over the Company s landfills. 
The Company typically reaches or approximates the Company s daily,
quarterly and annual maximum permitted disposal capacity at the majority of the
Company s landfills. If the Company is unable to develop or acquire additional
disposal capacity, the Company s ability to achieve economies from the
internalization of the Company s waste stream will be limited and the Company
may be required to increase the Company s utilization of disposal facilities
owned by third parties, which could reduce the Company s revenues and/or the
Company s operating margins. 

The Company s ability to make acquisitions is
dependent on the availability of adequate cash and the attractiveness of the
Company s stock price. 

The Company anticipates that any future business acquisitions will be
financed through cash from operations, borrowings under the Company s senior
secured credit facility, the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A common
stock and/or seller financing. The Company may not have sufficient existing
capital resources and may be unable to raise sufficient additional capital
resources on terms satisfactory to the Company, if at all, in order to meet the
Company s capital requirements for such acquisitions. 

The Company also believes that a significant factor in the Company s
ability to close acquisitions will be the attractiveness to the Company and to
persons selling businesses to the Company of the Company s Class A common stock
as consideration for potential acquisition candidates. This attractiveness may,
in large part, be dependent upon the relative market price and 

41 

capital appreciation prospects of the Company s Class A common stock
compared to the equity securities of the Company s competitors. The trading
price of the Company s Class A common stock on the NASDAQ National Market has
limited the Company s willingness to use the Company s equity as consideration
and the willingness of sellers to accept the Company s shares and as a result
has limited, and could continue to limit, the size and scope of the Company s
acquisition program. 

Environmental regulations and litigation could subject
the Company to fines, penalties, judgments and limitations on the Company s
ability to expand. 

The Company is subject to potential liability and restrictions under
environmental laws, including those relating to transport, recycling,
treatment, storage and disposal of wastes, discharges to air and water, and the
remediation of contaminated soil, surface water and groundwater. The waste
management industry has been and will continue to be subject to regulation,
including permitting and related financial assurance requirements, as well as
to attempts to further regulate the industry through new legislation. The Company s waste-to-energy facility is
subject to regulations limiting discharges of pollution into the air and water,
and the Company s solid waste operations are subject to a wide range of
federal, state and, in some cases, local environmental, odor and noise and land
use restrictions. For example, the Company s waste-to-energy facility in
Biddeford, Maine is affected by zoning restrictions and air emissions
limitations in its efforts to implement a new odor control system. If the Company is not able to comply with the
requirements that apply to a particular facility or if the Company operates
without necessary approvals, the Company could be subject to civil, and
possibly criminal, fines and penalties, and the Company may be required to
spend substantial capital to bring an operation into compliance or to
temporarily or permanently discontinue, and/or take corrective actions,
possibly including removal of landfilled materials, regarding an operation that
is not permitted under the law. The Company may not have sufficient insurance
coverage for the Company s environmental liabilities. Those costs or actions
could be significant to the Company and impact the Company s results of
operations, as well as the Company s available capital. 

Environmental and land use laws also impact the Company s ability to
expand and, in the case of the Company s solid waste operations, may dictate
those geographic areas from which the Company must, or, from which the Company
may not, accept waste. Those laws and regulations may limit the overall size
and daily waste volume that may be accepted by a solid waste operation. If the
Company is not able to expand or otherwise operate one or more of the Company s
facilities because of limits imposed under environmental laws, the Company may
be required to increase the Company s utilization of disposal facilities owned
by third parties, which could reduce the Company s revenues and/or operating
margins. 

The Company has historically grown and intends to continue to grow
through acquisitions, and the Company has tried and will continue to try to
evaluate and limit environmental risks and liabilities presented by businesses
to be acquired prior to the acquisition. It is possible that some liabilities,
including ones that may exist only because of the past operations of an
acquired business, may prove to be more difficult or costly to address than the
Company anticipates. It is also possible that government officials responsible
for enforcing environmental laws may believe an issue is more serious than the
Company expects, or that the Company will fail to identify or fully appreciate
an existing liability before the Company becomes legally responsible to address
it. Some of the legal sanctions to which the Company could become subject could
cause the Company to lose a needed permit, or prevent the Company from or delay
the Company in obtaining or renewing permits to operate the Company s
facilities or harm the Company s reputation. 

The
Company s operating program depends on the Company s ability to operate and
expand the landfills the Company owns and leases and to develop new landfill
sites. Localities where the Company operates generally seek to regulate some or
all landfill operations, including siting and expansion of operations. The laws
adopted by municipalities in which the Company s landfills are located may
limit or prohibit the expansion of the landfill as well as the amount of waste
that the Company can accept at the landfill on a daily, quarterly or annual
basis and any effort to acquire or expand landfills typically involves a
significant amount of time and expense. 
For example, expansion at the Company s North County Environmental
Services landfill, outside the original 51 acres, will be prohibited as a
result of a recent decision by the New Hampshire Supreme Court unless the
Company prevails in certain remanded issues under zoning laws or the Town
revises its local ordinance prohibiting expansions. In addition, operation of the Templeton
landfill will require repeal of a town by-law prohibiting the acceptance of
out-of-town waste. The Company may not be successful in obtaining new landfill
sites or expanding the permitted capacity of any of the Company s current
landfills once their remaining disposal capacity has been consumed. If the
Company is unable to develop additional disposal capacity, the Company s
ability to achieve economies from the internalization of the Company s
wastestream will be limited and the Company will be required to utilize the
disposal facilities of the Company s competitors. 

In addition to the costs of complying with environmental laws and
regulations, the Company incurs costs defending against 

42 

environmental litigation brought by governmental agencies and private
parties. The Company is, and also may be in the future, a defendant in lawsuits
brought by parties alleging environmental damage, personal injury, and/or
property damage. 

The Company s operations would be adversely affected
if the Company does not have access to sufficient capital. 

The Company s ability to remain competitive and sustain the Company s
operations depends in part on cash flow from operations and the Company s
access to capital. The Company currently funds the Company s cash needs
primarily through cash from operations and borrowings under the Company s
senior secured credit facility. However, the Company may require additional
equity and/or debt financing for debt repayment and equity redemption obligations
and to fund the Company s growth and operations. In addition, if the Company
undertakes more acquisitions or further expands the Company s operations, the
Company s capital requirements may increase. The Company may not have access to
the amount of capital that the Company requires from time to time, on favorable
terms or at all. 

The Company s results of operations could continue to
be affected by changing prices or market requirements for recyclable materials. 

The Company s results of operations have been and may continue to be
affected by changing purchase or resale prices or market requirements for
recyclable materials. The Company s recycling business involves the purchase
and sale of recyclable materials, some of which are priced on a commodity
basis. The resale and purchase prices of, and market demand for, recyclable
materials, particularly waste paper, plastic and ferrous and aluminum metals,
can be volatile due to numerous factors beyond the Company s control. Although the Company seeks to limit the
Company s exposure to fluctuating commodity prices through the use of hedging
agreements and long-term supply contracts with customers, these fluctuations
have in the past contributed, and may continue to contribute, to significant
variability in the Company s period-to-period results of operations. 

The Company s business is geographically concentrated
and is therefore subject to regional economic downturns. 

The Company s operations and customers are principally located in the
eastern United States. Therefore, the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations are susceptible to regional economic downturns and
other regional factors, including state regulations and budget constraints and
severe weather conditions. In addition,
as the Company expands in the Company s existing markets, opportunities for
growth within these regions will become more limited and the geographic
concentration of the Company s business will increase. 

Maine Energy may be required to make a payment in
connection with the payoff of certain obligations and limited partner loans
earlier than the Company had anticipated and which may exceed the amount of the
liability the Company recorded in connection with the KTI acquisition. 

Under
the terms of waste handling agreements among the Biddeford-Saco Waste Handling
Committee, the cities of Biddeford and Saco, Maine, and the Company s
subsidiary Maine Energy, Maine Energy will be required, following the date on
which the bonds that financed Maine Energy and certain limited partner loans to
Maine Energy are paid in full, to pay a residual cancellation payment to the
respective municipalities party to those agreements equal to a certain percentage
of the fair market value of the equity of the partners in Maine Energy. In
connection with the Company s merger with KTI, the Company estimated the fair
market value of Maine Energy as of the date the limited partner loans are
anticipated to be paid in full, and recorded a liability equal to the
applicable percentage of such amount. 
The obligation has been estimated by management at 9.7 million.
Management believes the possibility of material loss in excess of this amount
is remote. The Company s estimate of the fair market value of Maine Energy may
not prove to be accurate, and in the event the Company has underestimated the
value of Maine Energy, the Company could be required to recognize unanticipated
charges, in which case the Company s operating results could be harmed. 

In
connection with these waste handling agreements, the cities of Biddeford and
Saco have lawsuits pending in the State of Maine seeking the residual
cancellation payments and alleging, among other things, the Company s breach of
the waste handling agreement for the Company s failure to pay the residual
cancellation payments in connection with the KTI merger, failure to pay off
limited partner loans in accordance with the terms of the agreement and
processing amounts of waste above contractual limits without issuance of proper
notice. The complaint seeks damages for breach of contract and a court order
requiring the Company to provide an accounting of all relevant transactions
since May 3, 1996. The Company is currently engaged in settlement negotiations
with the cities of Biddeford and Saco, however, at this stage it is impossible
to predict whether a settlement will be reached. If the plaintiffs are successful in their
claims against the Company and damages are 

43 

awarded,
the Company s operating income in the period in which such a claim is paid
would be impacted. 

The Company may not be able to effectively compete in
the highly competitive solid waste services industry. 

The solid waste services industry is highly competitive, has undergone
a period of rapid consolidation and requires substantial labor and capital
resources. Some of the markets in which the Company competes or will likely
compete are served by one or more of the large national or multinational solid
waste companies, as well as numerous regional and local solid waste companies.
Intense competition exists not only to provide services to customers, but also
to acquire other businesses within each market. Some of the Company s
competitors have significantly greater financial and other resources than the
Company. From time to time, competitors may reduce the price of their services
in an effort to expand market share or to win a competitively bid contract.
These practices may either require the Company to reduce the pricing of the
Company s services or result in the Company s loss of business. 

As is generally the case in the industry, some municipal contracts are
subject to periodic competitive bidding. The Company may not be the successful
bidder to obtain or retain these contracts. If the Company is unable to compete
with larger and better capitalized companies, or to replace municipal contracts
lost through the competitive bidding process with comparable contracts or other
revenue sources within a reasonable time period the Company s revenues would
decrease and the Company s operating results would be harmed. 

In the Company s solid waste disposal markets the Company also competes
with operators of alternative disposal and recycling facilities and with
counties, municipalities and solid waste districts that maintain their own
waste collection, recycling and disposal operations. These entities may have
financial advantages because user fees or similar charges, tax revenues and
tax-exempt financing may be more available to them than to the Company. 

The Company s GreenFiber insulation manufacturing joint venture with
Louisiana-Pacific Corporation competes with other parties, principally national
manufacturers of fiberglass insulation, which have substantially greater
resources than GreenFiber does, which they could use for product development,
marketing or other purposes to the Company s detriment. 

The Company s results of operations and financial
condition may be negatively affected if the Company inadequately accrues for
capping, closure and post-closure costs. 

The
Company has material financial obligations relating to capping, closure and
post-closure costs of the Company s existing landfills and will have material
financial obligations with respect to any disposal facilities which the Company
may own or operate in the future. Once the permitted capacity of a particular
landfill is reached and additional capacity is not authorized, the landfill
must be closed and capped, and post-closure maintenance started. The Company
establishes accruals for the estimated costs associated with such capping,
closure and post-closure obligations over the anticipated useful life of each
landfill on a per ton basis. In addition to the landfills the Company currently
operates, the Company owns six unlined landfills, which are not currently in
operation. The Company has provided and will in the future provide accruals for
financial obligations relating to capping, closure and post-closure costs of
the Company s owned or operated landfills, generally for a term of 30 years
after final closure of a landfill. The Company s financial obligations for
capping, closure or post-closure costs could exceed the amount accrued and
reserved or amounts otherwise receivable pursuant to trust funds established
for this purpose. Such a circumstance could result in significant unanticipated
charges. 

Fluctuations in fuel costs could affect the Company s
operating expenses and results. 

The price and supply of fuel is unpredictable and fluctuates based on
events beyond the Company s control, including among others, geopolitical
developments, supply and demand for oil and gas, actions by OPEC and other oil
and gas producers, war and unrest in oil producing countries and regional
production patterns. Because fuel is needed to run the Company s fleet of
trucks, price escalations for fuel increase the Company s operating expenses.
In fiscal 2005, the Company used approximately 7.5 million gallons of diesel
fuel in the Company s solid waste operations. Although many of the Company s
customer contracts permit the Company to pass on some or all fuel increases to
the Company s customers, the Company may choose not to do so for competitive
reasons. 

The Company could be precluded from entering into
contracts or obtaining permits if the Company is unable to obtain third party
financial assurance to secure the Company s contractual obligations. 

Public solid waste collection, recycling and disposal contracts,
obligations associated with landfill closure and the operation 

44 

and closure of waste-to-energy facilities may require performance or
surety bonds, letters of credit or other means of financial assurance to secure
the Company s contractual performance. If the Company is unable to obtain the
necessary financial assurance in sufficient amounts or at acceptable rates, the
Company could be precluded from entering into additional municipal solid waste
collection contracts or from obtaining or retaining landfill management
contracts or operating permits. Any future difficulty in obtaining insurance
could also impair the Company s ability to secure future contracts conditioned
upon the contractor having adequate insurance coverage. 

The Company may be required to write-off capitalized
charges or intangible assets in the future, which could harm the Company s
earnings. 

Any write-off of capitalized costs or intangible assets reduces the
Company s earnings and, consequently, could affect the market price of the
Company s Class A common stock. In accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, the Company capitalizes certain expenditures and
advances relating to the Company s acquisitions, pending acquisitions,
landfills and development projects. From time to time in future periods, the
Company may be required to incur a charge against earnings in an amount equal
to any unamortized capitalized expenditures and advances, net of any portion
thereof that the Company estimates will be recoverable, through sale or
otherwise, relating to (1) any operation that is permanently shut down or has
not generated or is not expected to generate sufficient cash flow, (2) any
pending acquisition that is not consummated, (3) any landfill or development
project that is not expected to be successfully completed, and (4) any goodwill
or other intangible assets that are determined to be impaired. The Company has
incurred such charges in the past. 

The Company s revenues and the Company s operating income
experience seasonal fluctuations. 

The Company s transfer and disposal revenues have historically been
lower during the months of November through March. This seasonality reflects
the lower volume of waste during the late fall, winter and early spring months
primarily because: 

the volume of
waste relating to construction and demolition activities decreases
substantially during the winter months in the North Eastern United States; and 

decreased
tourism in Vermont, Maine and eastern New York during the winter months tends
to lower the volume of waste generated by commercial and restaurant customers,
which is partially offset by increased volume from the winter ski industry. 

Since certain of our operating and fixed costs remain constant
throughout the fiscal year, operating income is therefore impacted by a similar
seasonality. In addition, particularly harsh weather conditions typically
result in increased operating costs. 

The Company s recycling business experiences increased volumes of
newspaper in November and December due to increased newspaper advertising and
retail activity during the holiday season. The Company s cellulose insulation
joint venture experiences lower sales in March and April due to lower retail
activity. 

Efforts by labor unions to organize the Company s
employees could divert management attention and increase the Company s
operating expenses. 

Labor unions regularly make attempts to organize the Company s
employees, and these efforts will likely continue in the future. Certain groups
of the Company s employees have chosen to be represented by unions, and the
Company has negotiated collective bargaining agreements with these groups. The
negotiation of collective bargaining agreements could divert management
attention and result in increased operating expenses and lower net income. If
the Company is unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements,
the Company might have to wait through cooling off periods, which are often
followed by union-initiated work stoppages, including strikes. Depending on the type and duration of any
labor disruptions, the Company s revenues could decrease and the Company s
operating expenses could increase, which could adversely affect the Company s
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As of June 15, 2005,
approximately 4.5 of the Company s employees involved in collection, transfer,
disposal, recycling or other operations, including the Company s employees at
the Company s Maine Energy waste-to-energy facility, were represented by
unions. 

45 

The Company s Class B common stock has ten votes per
share and is held exclusively by John W. Casella and Douglas R. Casella. 

The holders of the Company s Class B common
stock are entitled to ten votes per share and the holders of the Company s
Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share. At June 15, 2005, an
aggregate of 988,200 shares of the Company s Class B common stock, representing
9,882,000 votes, were outstanding, all of which were beneficially owned by John
W. Casella, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, or by his
brother, Douglas R. Casella, a member of the Company s Board of Directors.
Based on the number of shares of common stock and Series A redeemable
convertible preferred stock outstanding on June 15, 2005, the shares of the
Company s Class A common stock and Class B common stock beneficially owned by
John W. Casella and Douglas R. Casella represent approximately 29.1 of the
aggregate voting power of the Company s stockholders. Consequently, John W. Casella and Douglas R.
Casella are able to substantially influence all matters for stockholder
consideration. 

ITEM 7A. 
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

At April 30, 2005, our outstanding variable rate debt consisted of
the 177.3 million senior secured revolving credit facility. If interest
rates on this variable rate debt increased or decreased by 100 basis points,
our annual interest expense would increase or decrease by approximately
 1.7 million. The remainder of our debt is at fixed rates and not subject
to interest rate risk. 

On May 9, 2005, we entered into three separate interest rate swap
agreements with three banks for a notional amount of 75.0 million. The contracts are forward starting contracts
that will effectively fix the interest index rate on the entire notional amount
at 4.4 from May 4, 2006 through May 5, 2008. 
These agreements will be specifically designated to interest payments
under the revolving credit facility and will be accounted for as effective cash
flow hedges pursuant to SFAS No. 133. 

We are subject to commodity price fluctuations related to the portion
of our sales of recyclable commodities that are not under floor or flat pricing
arrangements. As of April 30, 2005, to minimize our commodity exposure, we
were party to thirty-three commodity hedging agreements. We do not use
financial instruments for trading purposes and are not a party to any leveraged
derivatives. If commodity prices were to change by 10 , the impact on our
EBITDA and operating income is estimated at 2.4 million as of
April 30, 2005, without considering our hedging agreements which are
solely for OCC and ONP, but considering our revenue share contracts. The effect
of the hedge position would reduce the impact by approximately
 0.9 million. 

46 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
of Casella Waste Systems, Inc.: 

We have completed an integrated audit of
Casella Waste Systems, Inc. s 2005 consolidated financial statements and of its
internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2005 and audits of
its 2004 and 2003 consolidated financial statements in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Our opinions, based on our
audits, are presented below. 

Consolidated financial statements 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying
index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Casella Waste Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries at April 30, 2005 and 2004,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended April 30, 2005 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits. We conducted our audits of
these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit of
financial statements includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, as of
May 1, 2003, the Company changed its method of accounting for asset retirement
obligations and reclassified its loss on extinguishment of debt. 

Internal control over
financial reporting 

Also, in our opinion, management s
assessment, included in management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting appearing under Item 9A, that the Company maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2005 based on
criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), is
fairly stated, in all material respects, based on those criteria. Furthermore,
in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2005, based on
criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
COSO. The Company s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting. Our responsibility is to
express opinions on management s assessment and on the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We
conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. An audit of internal
control over financial reporting includes obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating management s assessment,
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control, and performing such other procedures as we consider necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to 

47 

permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 Boston, Massachusetts 

 June 27, 2005 

48 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in thousands) 

April 30, 

April 30, 

ASSETS 

2004 

2005 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

8,007 

8,578 

Restricted cash 

129 

70 

Accounts receivable - trade, net of
 allowance for doubtful accounts of 583 and 707 

49,462 

51,726 

Notes receivable - officers/employees 

89 

88 

Refundable income taxes 

623 

874 

Prepaid expenses 

4,164 

4,371 

Inventory 

1,848 

2,538 

Deferred income taxes 

4,328 

Other current assets 

854 

1,138 

Total current assets 

69,504 

69,383 

Property, plant and equipment, net of
 accumulated depreciation and amortization of 268,019 and 324,903 

372,038 

412,753 

Goodwill 

157,230 

157,492 

Intangible assets, net 

3,578 

2,711 

Restricted cash 

12,290 

12,124 

Notes receivable - officers/employees 

1,016 

916 

Deferred income taxes 

286 

3,155 

Investments in unconsolidated entities 

37,914 

37,699 

Net assets under contractual obligation 

2,148 

1,392 

Other non-current assets 

14,928 

14,829 

601,428 

643,071 

670,932 

712,454 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

49 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) 

 (in thousands, except for share and per share data) 

April 30, 

April 30, 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

2004 

2005 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

5,542 

281 

Current maturities of capital lease
 obligations 

602 

632 

Accounts payable 

40,034 

46,107 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

7,425 

9,688 

Accrued interest 

6,024 

4,818 

Deferred income taxes 

1,419 

Accrued capping, closure and post-closure
 costs, current portion 

2,471 

5,290 

Other accrued liabilities 

25,273 

24,519 

Total current liabilities 

87,371 

92,754 

Long-term debt, less current maturities 

349,163 

378,436 

Capital lease obligations, less current
 maturities 

1,367 

1,475 

Accrued capping, closure and post-closure
 costs, less current maturities 

22,752 

21,338 

Other long-term liabilities 

13,148 

11,705 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Series A redeemable, convertible
 preferred stock - 

Authorized - 55,750 shares, issued and
 outstanding - 55,750 and 53,750 as of April 30, 2004 and 2005,
 respectively, liquidation preference of 1,000 per share plus accrued but unpaid
 dividends 

67,076 

67,964 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Class A common stock - 

Authorized - 100,000,000 shares, 0.01 par
 value; issued and outstanding - 23,496,000 and 23,860,000 shares as of
 April 30, 2004 and 2005, respectively 

235 

239 

Class B common stock - 

Authorized - 1,000,000 shares, 0.01 par
 value, 10 votes per share, issued and outstanding - 988,000 shares 

10 

10 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

408 

767 

Additional paid-in capital 

272,993 

274,088 

Accumulated deficit 

(143,591 

(136,322 

Total stockholders equity 

130,055 

138,782 

670,932 

712,454 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

50 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Revenues 

419,518 

437,961 

481,964 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of operations 

277,579 

285,828 

310,921 

General and administration 

55,432 

58,167 

63,678 

Depreciation and amortization 

47,879 

59,596 

65,637 

Impairment charge 

4,864 

1,663 

Deferred costs 

295 

385,754 

405,254 

440,531 

Operating income 

33,764 

32,707 

41,433 

Other expense/(income), net: 

Interest income 

(318 

(251 

(453 

Interest expense 

26,354 

25,500 

29,844 

Income from equity method investment 

(2,073 

(2,261 

(2,883 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

3,649 

1,716 

Minority interest 

(152 

Other expense/(income) 

(1,599 

5,949 

273 

Other expense, net 

25,861 

28,937 

28,497 

Income from continuing operations before
 income taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in
 accounting principle 

7,903 

3,770 

12,936 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

3,825 

(1,622 

5,725 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

4,078 

5,392 

7,211 

Discontinued Operations: 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 (net of income tax (provision) benefit of 12, 2, and 96)) 

(20 

(10 

140 

Loss on disposal of discontinued operations
 (net of income tax provision of 692)) 

(82 

Reclassification from discontinued
 operations (net of income tax provision of 34)) 

50 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle (net of income tax (provision) benefit of 189 and 1,856)) 

(63,916 

2,723 

Net income (loss) 

(59,808 

8,105 

7,269 

Preferred stock dividend 

3,094 

3,252 

3,338 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders 

(62,902 

4,853 

3,931 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

51 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 (in thousands, except for per share data) 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Earnings Per Share: 

Basic: 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle available to common stockholders 

0.04 

0.09 

0.15 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
 net 

0.01 

Loss on disposal of discontinued
 operations, net 

Reclassification from discontinued
 operations, net 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle, net 

(2.69 

0.11 

Net income (loss) per common share
 available to common stockholders 

(2.65 

0.20 

0.16 

Basic weighted average common shares
 outstanding 

23,716 

24,002 

24,679 

Diluted: 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle available to common stockholders 

0.04 

0.09 

0.15 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
 net 

0.01 

Loss on disposal of discontinued
 operations, net 

Reclassification from discontinued
 operations, net 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle, net 

(2.67 

0.11 

Net income (loss) per common share
 available to common stockholders 

(2.63 

0.20 

0.16 

Diluted weighted average common shares
 outstanding 

23,904 

24,445 

25,193 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

52 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF 

 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In thousands) 

Stockholders Equity 

Class A 
 Common 
 Stock 

Class B 
 Common 
 Stock 

# of 
 Shares 

Par 
 Value 

# of 
 Shares 

Par 
 Value 

Balance, April 30, 2002 

22,667 

227 

988 

10 

Issuance of Class A common stock from
 the exercise of stock warrants, options and employee stock purchase plan 

102 

1 

Accrual of preferred stock dividend 

Net loss 

Change in fair value of interest rate swaps
 and commodity hedges, net of reclassification adjustments 

Total comprehensive loss 

Other 

Balance, April 30, 2003 

22,769 

228 

988 

10 

Issuance of Class A common stock from
 the exercise of stock warrants, options and employee stock purchase plan 

727 

7 

Accrual of preferred stock dividend 

Net income 

Change in fair value of interest rate swaps
 and commodity hedges, net of reclassification adjustments 

Total comprehensive income 

Other 

Balance, April 30, 2004 

23,496 

235 

988 

10 

Issuance of Class A common stock from
 the exercise of stock warrants, options and employee stock purchase plan 

189 

2 

Issuance of Class A common stock from
 the conversion of preferred stock 

175 

2 

Accrual of preferred stock dividend 

Net income 

Change in fair value of interest rate swaps
 and commodity hedges, net of reclassification adjustments 

Total comprehensive income 

Other 

Balance, April 30, 2005 

23,860 

239 

988 

10 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

53 

Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 

(Accumulated 
 Deficit) 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 

Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Total 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 

Balance, April 30, 2002 

272,697 

(91,888 

(4,250 

176,796 

Issuance of Class A common stock from
 the exercise of stock warrants, options and employee stock purchase plan 

459 

460 

Accrual of preferred stock dividend 

(3,094 

(3,094 

Net loss 

(59,808 

(59,808 

(59,808 

Change in fair value of interest rate swaps
 and commodity hedges, net of reclassification adjustments 

4,792 

4,792 

4,792 

Total comprehensive loss 

(55,016 

Other 

6 

6 

Balance, April 30, 2003 

270,068 

(151,696 

542 

119,152 

Issuance of Class A common stock from
 the exercise of stock warrants, options and employee stock purchase plan 

6,053 

6,060 

Accrual of preferred stock dividend 

(3,252 

(3,252 

Net income 

8,105 

8,105 

8,105 

Change in fair value of interest rate swaps
 and commodity hedges, net of reclassification adjustments 

(134 

(134 

(134 

Total comprehensive income 

7,971 

Other 

124 

124 

Balance, April 30, 2004 

272,993 

(143,591 

408 

130,055 

Issuance of Class A common stock from
 the exercise of stock warrants, options and employee stock purchase plan 

1,992 

1,994 

Issuance of Class A common stock from
 the conversion of preferred stock 

2,448 

2,450 

Accrual of preferred stock dividend 

(3,338 

(3,338 

Net income 

7,269 

7,269 

7,269 

Change in fair value of interest rate swaps
 and commodity hedges, net of reclassification adjustments 

359 

359 

359 

Total comprehensive income 

7,628 

Other 

(7 

(7 

Balance, April 30, 2005 

274,088 

(136,322 

767 

138,782 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

54 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

(59,808 

8,105 

7,269 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
 cash provided by operating activities - 

Depreciation and amortization 

47,879 

59,596 

65,637 

Depletion of landfill operating lease
 obligations 

1,248 

4,785 

Loss on disposal of discontinued
 operations, net 

82 

Reclassification from discontinued
 operations, net 

(50 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle, net 

63,916 

(2,723 

Income from equity method investment 

(2,073 

(2,261 

(2,883 

Dividend from equity method investment 

2,000 

2,000 

Impairment charge 

4,864 

1,663 

Deferred costs 

295 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

3,649 

1,716 

Loss from asset write down 

8,018 

Loss (gain) on sale of equipment 

386 

(308 

372 

Gain on sale of assets 

(684 

(1,144 

Minority interest 

(152 

Deferred income taxes 

6,052 

(2,005 

5,132 

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects
 of acquisitions and divestitures - 

Accounts receivable 

(7,466 

(5,859 

(2,456 

Accounts payable 

12,031 

8,065 

6,073 

Other assets and liabilities 

(3,592 

(2,497 

(4,988 

126,760 

61,793 

75,765 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

66,952 

69,898 

83,034 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(18,068 

(31,947 

(9,513 

Additions to property, plant and equipment -
 growth 

(10,271 

(24,723 

- maintenance 

(41,925 

(48,064 

(55,341 

Payments on landfill operating lease
 contracts 

(32,223 

(20,276 

Proceeds from divestitures 

875 

4,984 

3,050 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 

1,212 

506 

2,292 

Advances to unconsolidated entities 

(5,302 

(7,332 

Proceeds from assets under contractual
 obligation 

689 

756 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

(63,208 

(123,658 

(103,755 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

380,521 

195,303 

318,900 

Principal payments on long-term debt 

(361,905 

(150,562 

(296,210 

Deferred financing costs 

(11,466 

(2,632 

(3,051 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

460 

4,006 

1,653 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

7,610 

46,115 

21,292 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents 

11,354 

(7,645 

571 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of
 period 

4,298 

15,652 

8,007 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

15,652 

8,007 

8,578 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

55 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 

 (in thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow
 Information: 

Cash paid during the period for - 

Interest 

20,763 

23,313 

29,426 

Income taxes, net of refunds 

54 

349 

1,103 

Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash
 Investing and Financing Activities: 

Summary of entities acquired in purchase
 business combinations - 

Fair value of assets acquired 

27,756 

45,925 

10,398 

Cash paid, net 

(18,068 

(31,947 

(9,513 

Liabilities assumed and notes payable to
 seller 

9,688 

13,978 

885 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

56 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (In thousands, except for per share data) 

1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Casella Waste Systems, Inc. the Company or the Parent together with its subsidiaries is a regional,
integrated solid waste services company that provides collection, transfer,
disposal and recycling services, primarily in the eastern United States. The
Company markets recyclable metals, aluminum, plastics, paper and corrugated
cardboard which have been processed at its facilities as well as recyclables
purchased from third parties. The Company also generates and sells electricity
under a long-term contract at a waste-to-energy facility, Maine Energy Recovery
Company LP Maine Energy (see Note 12). 

A summary of the Company s
significant accounting policies follows: 

(a) Principles of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its
wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries and complies with Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 46 (revised December 2003)
(FIN 46). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated
in consolidation. 

(b) Use of Estimates and Assumptions 

The Company s preparation of
its financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions. These
estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of the contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
consolidated financial statements. The estimates and assumptions will also
affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Summarized below are the estimates and assumptions that the Company
considers to be significant in the preparation of its consolidated financial
statements. 

Landfill
Accounting-Capitalized Costs and Amortization 

Capitalized landfill costs
include expenditures for land and related airspace, permitting costs and
preparation costs. Landfill permitting and preparation costs represent only
direct costs related to these activities, including legal, engineering and
construction. Landfill preparation costs include the costs of construction
associated with excavation, liners, site berms and the installation of leak
detection and leachate collection systems. Interest is capitalized on landfill
construction projects while the assets are undergoing activities to ready them
for their intended use. The interest
capitalization rate is based on the Company s weighted average cost of
indebtedness. Interest capitalized for the years ended April 30, 2003,
2004 and 2005 was 719, 356 and 492, respectively. 

Under life-cycle accounting, all costs related to acquisition and
construction of landfill sites are capitalized and charged to income based on
tonnage placed into each site. In
determining the amortization rate for these landfills, preparation costs
include the total estimated costs to complete construction of the landfills 
permitted and permittable capacity. To
be considered permittable, airspace must meet all of the following criteria: 

we control the land on
which the expansion is sought; 

all technical siting
criteria have been met or a variance has been obtained or is reasonably
expected to be obtained; 

we have not identified
any legal or political impediments which we believe will not be resolved in our
favor; 

we are actively working on obtaining any
necessary permits and we expect that all required permits will be received
within the next two to five years; and 

senior management has approved the project. 

Units-of-consumption
amortization rates are determined annually for each of the Company s operating
landfills, and 

57 

such rates are based on
estimates provided by its engineers and accounting personnel and consider the
information provided by surveys, which are performed at least annually. 

The Company routinely
reviews its investment in operating landfills, transfer stations and other
significant facilities to determine whether the carrying value of these
investments is realizable. The Company s judgments regarding the existence of
impairment indicators are based on regulatory factors, market conditions and
operational performance of its landfills. 

Landfill Accounting-Landfill
Operating Lease Contracts 

During fiscal 2004, the Company entered into three landfill operation
and management agreements. These
agreements are long-term landfill operating contracts with government bodies
whereby the Company receives tipping revenue, pays normal operating expenses and
assumes future capping, closure and post-closure liabilities. The government body retains ownership of the
landfill. There is no bargain purchase
option and title to the property does not pass to the Company at the end of the
lease term. The Company allocates the consideration paid to the landfill
airspace rights and underlying land lease based on the relative fair values. 

In addition to up-front or one-time payments, the landfill operating
agreements require the Company to make future minimum rental payments,
including success/expansion fees, other direct costs and capping, closure, and
post closure costs. The value of all future minimum lease
payments are amortized and charged to cost of operations over the life of the
contract. The Company amortizes the
consideration allocated to airspace rights as airspace is utilized on a
units-of-consumption basis and such amortization is charged to cost of
operations as airspace is consumed i.e. as tons are placed into the
landfill. The underlying value of the
land lease is amortized to cost of operations on a straight-line basis over the
estimated life of the operating agreement. 

Landfill Accounting-Accrued
Capping, Closure and Post-Closure Costs 

Capping
includes installation of liners, drainage, compacted soil layers and topsoil
over areas of a landfill where total airspace has been consumed and waste is no
longer being received. Capping
activities occur throughout the life of the landfill. Our engineering personnel estimate the cost
for each capping event based on the acreage to be capped and the capping
materials and activities required. The
estimates also consider when these costs would actually be paid and factor in
inflation and discount rates. The
engineers then quantify the landfill capacity associated with each capping
event and the costs for each event are amortized over that capacity as waste is
received at the landfill. 

Closure
and post-closure costs represent future estimated costs related to monitoring
and maintenance of a solid waste landfill, after a landfill facility ceases to
accept waste and closes. We estimate,
based on input from our engineers, accounting personnel and consultants, our
future cost requirements for closure and post-closure monitoring and
maintenance based on our interpretation of the technical standards of the
Subtitle D regulations and the air emissions standards under the Clean Air Act
as they are being applied on a state-by-state basis. Closure and post-closure accruals for the
cost of monitoring and maintenance include site inspection, groundwater monitoring,
leachate management, methane gas control and recovery, and operation and
maintenance costs to be incurred for a period which is generally for a term of
30 years after final closure of a landfill. 
In determining estimated future capping, closure and post-closure costs,
we consider costs associated with permitted and permittable airspace. 

Our estimates of costs to
discharge capping, closure and post-closure asset retirement obligations for
landfills are developed in today s dollars. 
These costs are then inflated to the period of performance using an
estimate of inflation which is updated annually (2.6 was used in both fiscal
year 2004 and 2005). Capping, closure
and post-closure liabilities are discounted using the credit adjusted risk-free
rate in effect at the time the obligation is incurred (7.6 to 9.5 ). Accretion expense is necessary to increase
the accrued capping, closure and post-closure liabilities to the future
anticipated obligation. To accomplish this, the Company accretes its capping,
closure and post-closure accrual balances using the same credit-adjusted,
risk-free rate that was used to calculate the recorded liability. Accretion expense on recorded landfill
liabilities is recorded to cost of operations from the time the liability is
recognized until the costs are paid. 
Accretion expense amounted to 1,870 and 2,201 in fiscal years 2004 and
2005, respectively. 

The Company
provides for the accrual and amortization of estimated future obligations for
closure and post-closure based on tonnage placed into each site. With regards to capping, the liability is
recognized and these costs are amortized based on the airspace related to the
specific capping event. 

58 

Recovery of Long-Lived Assets 

In accordance with SFAS No. 144,
 Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets , the Company reviews its long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
remaining estimated useful life of such assets might warrant revision or that
the balances may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recorded if the
amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds their fair value.
Fair value is usually determined based on the present value of estimated
expected future cash flows using a discount rate commensurate with the risks
involved. 

Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts 

The Company estimates the
allowance for bad debts based on historical collection experience, current
trends, credit policy and a review of accounts receivable by aging category. 

Self Insurance Reserves 

The
Company is self insured for vehicles and worker s compensation. . Our
maximum exposure in fiscal 2005 under the worker s compensation plan is 750
per individual event with a 1,000 aggregate limit, after which reinsurance
takes effect. Our maximum exposure under the automobile plan is 750 per
individual event with a 3,000 aggregate limit, after which reinsurance takes
effect. Through the use of actuarial calculations provided by a third party,
the Company estimates the amounts required to settle insurance claims. The
actuarially-determined liability is calculated in part by reference to past
claims experience, which considers both the frequency and settlement of claims.
The Company s self insurance reserves totaled 10,376 and 11,506 at April 30,
2004 and 2005, respectively. 

Income Taxes 

The Company uses estimates
to determine its provision for income taxes and related assets and liabilities
and any valuation allowance recorded against its net deferred tax assets.
Valuation allowances have been established for the possibility that tax
benefits may not be realized for certain deferred tax assets. 

(c) Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes
collection, transfer, recycling and disposal revenues as the services are
provided. Certain customers are billed in advance and, accordingly, recognition
of the related revenues is deferred until the services are provided. 

Revenues from the sale of
electricity to local utilities by the Company s waste-to-energy facility (see
Note 12) are recorded at the contract rate specified by its power purchase
agreement as the electricity is delivered. 

Revenues from the sale of
recycled materials are recognized upon shipment. Rebates to certain
municipalities based on sales of recyclable materials are recorded upon the
sale of such recyclables to third parties and are included as a reduction of
revenues. Revenues for processing of recyclable materials are recognized when
the related service is provided. Revenues from brokerage of recycled materials
are recognized at the time of shipment. 

(d) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company s financial
instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,
investments in closure trust funds, trade payables and debt instruments. The
carrying values of these financial instruments approximate their respective
fair values. See Note 11 for the terms and carrying values of the Company s
various debt instruments. 

(e) Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all
highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or
less to be cash equivalents. 

59 

(f) Inventory 

Inventory includes secondary
fibers, recyclables ready for sale and supplies and is stated at the lower of
cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Inventory consisted of finished goods and
supplies of approximately 1,848 and 2,538 at April 30, 2004 and 2005,
respectively. 

(g) Investments 

In accordance with SFAS No. 115,
 Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt
and Equity Securities , the Company classifies its investment in
equity securities as available for sale. Accordingly, the carrying value of
the securities is adjusted to fair value through other comprehensive income. 

For the periods ending April 30,
2003 and 2004, the Company wrote down to fair value certain equity security
investments. The write downs amounted to 42 and 20, respectively, and were
due to declines in the fair value which, in the opinion of management, were
considered to be other than temporary. The write downs are included in other
expense/(income) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

(h) Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment
are recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The
Company provides for depreciation and amortization using the straight-line
method by charges to operations in amounts that allocate the cost of the assets
over their estimated useful lives as follows (See Note 6): 

Asset Classification 

Estimated 
 Useful Life 

Buildings and improvements 

10-35 years 

Machinery and equipment 

2-15 years 

Rolling stock 

1-12 years 

Containers 

2-12 years 

The cost of maintenance and
repairs is charged to operations as incurred. 

(i) Intangible Assets 

Covenants not to compete and
customer lists are amortized using the straight-line method over their
estimated useful lives, typically no more than 10 years (See Note 7). 

Under
SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets , goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have
indefinite lives will no longer be amortized but will be subject to annual
impairment tests at each fiscal year end. 
We evaluate goodwill for impairment based on fair value of each
operating segment. We estimate fair
value based on net future cash flows discounted using an estimated weighted
average cost of capital. We recognize an
impairment if the net book value exceeds the fair value of the discounted
future cash flows. Other intangible
assets will continue to be amortized over their useful lives. 

(j) Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 

The Company entered into an
agreement in July 2000 with Louisiana-Pacific to combine their respective
cellulose insulation businesses into a single operating entity, US GreenFiber
LLC GreenFiber under a joint venture agreement effective August 1,
2000. The Company s investment in GreenFiber amounted to 27,256 and 27,040 at
April 30, 2004 and 2005, respectively. The Company accounts for its 50 
ownership in GreenFiber under the equity method of accounting. GreenFiber is deemed to be a significant
subsidiary in accordance with Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X Therefore, separate financial statements of
GreenFiber are included as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

Summarized financial information of
GreenFiber is as follows: 

April 30, 
 2004 

April 30, 
 2005 

Current assets 

25,284 

25,281 

Noncurrent assets 

38,728 

40,984 

Current liabilities 

9,532 

11,176 

Noncurrent liabilities 

113 

957 

60 

Fiscal
 Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Revenue 

98,589 

116,057 

136,409 

Gross Profit 

21,075 

25,421 

28,289 

Net Income 

4,146 

4,523 

5,767 

A portion of
the Company s 50 interest in its New Heights joint venture was sold in September 2001
for consideration of 250. As a result of this sale, the Company retained an
interest of 9.95 in the tire assets of New Heights, as well as all of its
financial obligations related solely to the New Heights power plant. The
Company s investment in the power plant assets of New Heights amounted to 2,586
at April 30, 2003, and increased to 4,938 during fiscal 2004. On April 29,
2004 New Heights filed a petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the
U.S. Bankruptcy code. New Heights took this action to reorganize its debts
pending the outcome of an appeal filed with the Illinois Supreme Court for
reconsideration of the previously announced Appellate Court decision which
ruled against New Heights in its claim to receive a retail payment rate for
electricity generated at the facility, or to liquidate in the event the
Illinois Supreme Court decided not to hear the appeal. The investment in New Heights accordingly was
written off as of April 30, 2004. 

The company
sold 80.1 of the equity of Recovery Technologies Group, Inc. RTG in September 2001 as part of the sale of its
tire processing business. The Company retained a 19.9 indirect interest in the
RTG tire collection and processing business which was
valued at 3,080 at April 30, 2003. On April 22, 2004, the Company
transferred its 19.9 indirect interest in RTG, as a
result of a purchase option exercised by the purchasers of the original 80.1 
interest, at no cost according to a previously agreed formula. Therefore the
Company recorded a charge against operations to reduce the balance in the
investment to zero at April 30, 2004. 

Both the charges described
above were recorded in other expense in fiscal year 2004 for a total charge of
 8,018. 

On October 6, 2004, the
Illinois Supreme Court decided not to hear the appeal. On October 25, 2004, the Bankruptcy
Judge confirmed the Liquidation Plan and the assets were sold to a third party
on March 15, 2005. In fiscal 2005,
the Company recorded in other expense/(income) costs of 667 related to debtor
in possession financing offset by income of 117 upon liquidation. 

The Company had received a
promissory note and other consideration from Oakhurst Company, Inc. OCI in connection with the Company s acquisition of OCI s 37.5 interest in New Heights on July 3, 2001.
The Company estimated the realizable value at 0. The Company reached a
settlement with OCI in April, 2003 and received
 1,220 which is included in other expense/(income) in fiscal 2003. 

In April 2003, the Company
acquired a 9.9 interest in Evergreen National Indemnity Company Evergreen for total consideration of 5,329. In December, 2003, the Company acquired an
additional 9.9 interest in Evergreen for total consideration of 5,306. The Company s investment in Evergreen
amounted to 10,657 at April 30, 2004 and 2005. The Company accounts for
its investment in Evergreen under the cost method of accounting. 

(k) Income Taxes 

The Company records income
taxes in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes . Under SFAS No. 109, deferred income taxes are recognized
based on the expected future tax consequences of differences between the
financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities,
calculated using currently enacted tax rates. 

(l) Accrued Capping, Closure and Post-Closure
Costs 

Accrued capping, closure and
post-closure costs include the current and non-current portion of accruals
associated with obligations for capping, closure and post-closure of the
Company s operating and closed landfills. The Company, based on input from its
engineers, accounting personnel and consultants, estimates its future cost
requirements for capping, closure and post-closure monitoring and maintenance
for solid waste landfills based on its interpretation of the technical
standards of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s Subtitle D regulations
and the air emissions standards under the Clean Air Act as they are being
applied on a state-by-state basis. Capping, closure and post-closure monitoring
and maintenance costs 

61 

represent the costs related to
cash expenditures yet to be incurred when a landfill facility ceases to accept
waste and closes. 

Accruals for capping,
closure and post-closure monitoring and maintenance requirements consider final
capping of the site, site inspection, groundwater monitoring, leachate management, methane gas control and recovery, and
operation and maintenance costs to be incurred during the period after the facility
closes. Certain of these environmental costs, principally capping and methane
gas control costs, are also incurred during the operating life of the site in
accordance with the landfill operation requirements of Subtitle D and the air
emissions standards. Reviews of the future cost requirements for capping,
closure and post-closure monitoring and maintenance for the Company s operating
landfills by the Company s engineers, accounting personnel and consultants are
performed at least annually and are the basis upon which the Company s
estimates of these future costs and the related accrual rates are revised
prospectively. The Company provides accruals for these estimated costs as the
remaining permitted airspace of such facilities is consumed. 

The Company operates in
states which require a certain portion of landfill capping, closure and
post-closure obligations to be secured by financial assurance, which may take
the form of restricted cash, surety bonds and letters of credit. Surety bonds
securing closure and post-closure obligations at April 30, 2004 and 2005
totaled 34,550 and 49,157 respectively. 

(m) Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss)
is defined as the change in net assets of a business enterprise during a period
from transactions generated from non-owner sources. It includes all changes in
equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and
distributions to owners. Accumulated other comprehensive income included in the
accompanying balance sheets consists of changes in the fair value of the
Company s interest rate swap and commodity hedge agreements as well as the
cumulative effect of the change in accounting principle due to the adoption of SFAS No. 133, Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities (See Note 1(p)). 

(n) Earnings per Share 

Basic earnings per share is
computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings per share is based on the combined weighted average number of common
shares and potentially dilutive shares, which include, where appropriate, the
assumed exercise of employee stock options and the conversion of convertible
preferred stock. In computing diluted earnings per share, the Company utilizes
the treasury stock method with regard to employee stock options and the if
converted method with regard to its convertible preferred stock. 

(o) Stock Based Compensation Plans 

The Company has elected to
account for its stock-based compensation plans under APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees ,
for which no compensation expense is recorded in the statements of operations
for the estimated fair value of stock options issued with an exercise price
equal to the fair value of the underlying common stock on the grant date. 

During fiscal 1996, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation ,
which defines a fair value based method of accounting for stock-based employee
compensation and encourages all entities to adopt that method of accounting for
all of their employee stock compensation plans. However, it also allows an
entity to continue to measure compensation costs for those plans using the
intrinsic method of accounting prescribed by APB Opinion No. 25. Entities
electing to remain with the accounting in APB Opinion No. 25 must make pro
forma disclosures of net income and earnings per share as if the fair value
based method of accounting defined in SFAS No. 123
had been applied. In addition, the Company has adopted the disclosure
requirements of SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation - Transition
and Disclosure. 

In accordance with SFAS No. 123 and SFAS No. 148,
the Company has computed, for pro forma disclosure purposes, the value of all
options granted during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and
2005 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as
prescribed by SFAS No. 123, using the following
weighted average assumptions for grants in the fiscal years ended April 30,
2003, 2004 and 2005. 

62 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Risk free interest rate 

2.57 -4.50 

2.34 -3.39 

3.39 -3.97 

Expected dividend yield 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Expected life 

5 Years 

5 Years 

5 Years 

Expected volatility 

65.00 

45.88 

40.35 

The total value of options
granted during the years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 would be
amortized on a pro forma basis over the vesting period of the options. Options
generally vest over a one to three year period. If the Company had accounted
for these plans in accordance with SFAS No. 123,
the Company s net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share would have
changed as reflected in the following pro forma amounts: 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders, as reported 

(62,902 

4,853 

3,931 

Deduct: Total stock-based compensation
 expense determined under fair value based method, net 

(1,507 

(1,145 

(1,616 

Pro forma, net income (loss) available to
 common stockholders 

(64,409 

3,708 

2,315 

Basic income (loss) per common share: 

As reported 

(2.65 

0.20 

0.16 

Pro forma 

(2.72 

0.16 

0.09 

Diluted income (loss) per common share: 

As reported 

(2.63 

0.20 

0.16 

Pro forma 

(2.70 

0.15 

0.09 

(p) Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging
Activities 

The Company accounts for
derivatives and hedging activities in accordance with SFAS
No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities. SFAS No.133
establishes accounting and reporting standards requiring that every derivative
instrument (including certain derivative instruments embedded in other
contracts) be recorded in the balance sheet as either an asset or liability
measured at its fair value. SFAS No. 133
requires that changes in the derivative s fair value be recognized currently in
earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met. The Company s
objective for utilizing derivative instruments is to reduce its exposure to
fluctuations in cash flows due to changes in the variable interest rates under
its credit facility and changes in the commodity prices of recycled paper. 

The Company s strategy to
hedge against fluctuations in variable interest rates involves entering into
interest rate swaps that are specifically designated to existing interest
payments under the credit facility and accounted for as cash flow hedges
pursuant to SFAS No. 133. 

At April 30, 2004 the
Company had two interest rate swaps outstanding, expiring in February, 2006,
with an aggregate notional amount of 53,000. 
The Company evaluated these swaps and determined that these instruments
qualified for hedge accounting pursuant to SFAS No. 133.
The fair value of these swaps was an obligation of 118, with the net amount
(net of taxes of 48) recorded as an unrealized loss in other comprehensive
income at April 30, 2004. These
interest rate swaps were terminated on April 28, 2005 with the Company
receiving net proceeds of 443, which remains in other comprehensive income,
and will be amortized against interest expense over the remaining original term
of the swap contracts. 

On May 9, 2005, the Company entered into three separate interest
rate swap agreements with three banks for a notional amount of 75,000. The contracts are forward starting contracts
that will effectively fix the interest index rate on the entire notional amount
at 4.4 from May 4, 2006 through May 5, 2008. These agreements will be specifically
designated to interest payments under the revolving credit facility and will be
accounted for as effective cash flow hedges pursuant to SFAS
No. 133. 

The Company s strategy to
hedge against fluctuations in the commodity prices of recycled paper is to
enter into hedges to mitigate the variability in cash flows generated from the
sales of recycled paper at floating prices, resulting in a fixed price being
received from these sales. The Company has entered into thirty-three commodity
hedges, which expire at 

63 

various times between May 2005
and April 2008. The Company has evaluated these hedges and believes that
these instruments qualify for hedge accounting pursuant to SFAS
No. 133. The fair value of these
hedges was an obligation of 2,423 and 1,488, with the net amount (net of
taxes of 969 and 592) recorded as an unrealized loss in accumulated other
comprehensive income at April 30, 2004 and 2005, respectively. 

(q) Concentrations of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist
primarily of accounts receivable. Concentration of credit risk with respect to
accounts receivable is limited because a large number of geographically diverse
customers comprise the Company s customer base, thus spreading the trade credit
risk. For the years ended April 30, 2004 and 2005, no single group or
customer represents greater than 3.4 of total accounts receivable. The Company
controls credit risk through credit evaluations, credit limits, credit
insurance and monitoring procedures. The Company performs credit evaluations
for commercial and industrial customers and performs ongoing credit evaluations
of its customers, but generally does not require collateral to support accounts
receivable. Credit risk related to derivative instruments results from the fact
the Company enters into interest rate and commodity price swap agreements with
various counterparties. However, the Company monitors its derivative positions
by regularly evaluating positions and the credit worthiness of the
counterparties. 

2. RECLASSIFICATIONS 

Certain reclassifications
have been made to the prior period consolidated financial statements to conform
to the current presentation. 

3. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations and SFAS No. 142, Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets . These new standards significantly
modified the accounting rules related to accounting for business
acquisitions, amortization of intangible assets and the method of accounting
for impairments of existing goodwill. The effective date for SFAS No. 142 was fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2001. 

SFAS No. 142, among other things, eliminates
the amortization of goodwill and requires an annual assessment of goodwill
impairment by applying a fair value based test. SFAS No. 142
requires that any goodwill recorded in connection with an acquisition
consummated on or after July 1, 2001 not be amortized. The Company
performed an impairment test as of May 1, 2002 and goodwill was determined
to be impaired and the amount of 63,916 (net of tax benefit of 189) was
charged to earnings as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle.
The goodwill impairment is associated with certain of the assets acquired by
the Company in connection with its acquisition of KTI.
Remaining goodwill will be tested for impairment on an annual basis and further
impairment charges may result. In accordance with the non-amortization
provisions of SFAS No. 142, remaining goodwill
will not be amortized going forward. The following schedule reflects net
income (loss) and earnings (loss) per share for the year ended April 30, 2003
adjusted to exclude impairment charges. 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 April 30, 2003 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

4,078 

Discontinued Operations: 

Loss from discontinued operations, net 

(20 

Reclassification from discontinued
 operations, net 

50 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle, net 

(63,916 

Reported net loss 

(59,808 

Add: 

Goodwill impairment charge (net of income
 taxes of 189) 

63,916 

Adjusted net income 

4,108 

Less: 

Preferred stock dividends 

3,094 

Adjusted net income available to common
 stockholders 

1,014 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic earnings per common share: 

Reported net loss available to common
 stockholders 

(2.65 

Goodwill impairment charge, net 

2.69 

Goodwill amortization, net 

Adjusted basic earnings per share available
 to common stockholders 

0.04 

Diluted earnings per common share: 

Reported net loss available to common
 stockholders 

(2.63 

Goodwill impairment charge, net 

2.67 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share
 available to common stockholders 

0.04 

64 

Effective
May 1, 2003, the Company adopted SFAS No. 143,
 Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations . Through April 30, 2003 we recognized expenses associated with (i) amortization of capitalized and future landfill
asset costs and (ii) future closure and post-closure obligations on a units-of-consumption
basis as airspace was consumed over the life of the related landfill. This practice, referred to as life-cycle
accounting within the waste industry, continues to be followed, with the
exception of future landfill capping costs. 
As a result of the adoption of SFAS No. 143,
future capping costs are identified by specific capping event and amortized
over the specific estimated capacity related to that event rather than over the
life of the entire landfill, as was the practice prior to our adoption of SFAS No. 143. 

The primary modification to
the Company s methodology required by SFAS No. 143
is to require that capping, closure and post-closure costs be discounted to
present value. The Company s estimates
of future capping, closure and post-closure costs historically have not taken
into account discounts for the present value of costs to be paid in the
future. Under SFAS
No. 143, the Company s estimates of costs to discharge asset retirement
obligations for landfills are developed in today s dollars. These costs were then inflated by 2.6 to
reflect a normal escalation of prices up to the year they are expected to be
paid. These estimated costs were then
discounted to their present value using a credit adjusted risk-free rate of 9.5 . 

Under SFAS No. 143, except
for accretion expense, the Company no longer accrues landfill retirement
obligations through a charge to cost of operations, but rather by an increase
to landfill assets. Under SFAS No. 143, the amortizable landfill assets include
not only the landfill development costs incurred but also the recorded capping,
closure and post-closure liabilities as well as the cost estimates for future
capping, closure and post-closure costs. The landfill asset is amortized over
the total capacity of the landfill, as airspace is consumed during the life of
the landfill with one exception. The exception is for capping for which both
the recognition of the liability and the amortization of these costs are based
instead on the airspace consumed for the specific capping event. 

Upon adoption, SFAS No. 143 required a cumulative change in
accounting for landfill obligations retroactive to the date of the inception of
the landfill. Inception of the asset
retirement obligation is the date operations commenced or the date the asset
was acquired. To do this, SFAS No. 143 required the creation of the related
landfill asset, net of accumulated amortization and an adjustment to the
capping, closure and post-closure liability for cumulative accretion. 

At May 1, 2003, the
Company recorded a cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of
 2,723 (net of taxes of 1,856). In
addition we recorded a decrease in our capping, closure and post-closure
obligations of 7,855, and a decrease in our net landfill assets of
 3,228. The following is a summary of
the balance sheet changes for landfill assets and capping, closure and
post-closure liabilities at May 1, 2003: 

Balance at 
 April 30, 2003 

Change 

Balance at 
 May 1, 2003 

Landfill assets 

148,029 

6,166 

154,195 

Accumulated amortization 

(63,207 

(9,394 

(72,601 

Net landfill assets 

84,822 

(3,228 

81,594 

Capping, closure, and post-closure
 liabilities 

25,949 

(7,855 

18,094 

The pro forma effects of the
application of SFAS 143 as if the statement had been
adopted on May 1, 2002, rather than May 1, 2003, using May 1,
2003 costs, assumptions and interest rates are presented below: 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 April 30, 2003 

Net (loss) income available to common
 stockholders, as reported 

(62,902 

Reversal of closure and post-closure
 expense, net of tax 

(4,331 

Amortization expense, net of tax 

1,526 

Accretion expense, net of tax 

764 

Pro forma net (loss) income 

(60,861 

Reported net (loss) income per common share 

(2.63 

Pro forma net (loss) income per common
 share 

(2.55 

65 

The pro forma asset
retirement obligation liability balances as if SFAS 143
had been adopted on May 1, 2002, rather than May 1, 2003, are as
follows: 

April 30, 2003 

Accrued capping, closure and post-closure
 costs, as reported 

25,949 

Pro forma accrued capping, closure and
 post-closure costs 

18,094 

In
December 2003, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46 (revised December 2003)
 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities FIN 46R ).
FIN 46R requires unconsolidated variable interest entities to be
consolidated by their primary beneficiaries. FIN 46R was effective for
periods ending after December 15, 2003 for public companies. As of April 30,
2004 and 2005, the Company had no material variable interest entities requiring
consolidation under FIN 46R. 

In December 2004,
the FASB issued SFAS 123R, Share-Based Payment . SFAS 123R replaces SFAS 123 and
supersedes APB Opinion No. 25 requiring public companies to recognize
compensation expense for the cost of awards of equity instruments. This
compensation cost will be measured as the fair value of the award on the grant
date estimated using an option-pricing model. SFAS
123R was originally issued with implementation required for interim and annual
periods beginning after June 15, 2005. 
On April 14, 2005, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC amended the effective date to the beginning of the first fiscal year after June 15,
2005. The Company is evaluating the
various transition provisions under SFAS 123R and
will adopt SFAS 123R effective May 1, 2006,
which is expected to result in increased compensation expense in future periods.

4. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

On December 14, 1999,
the Company consummated its acquisition of KTI, a
publicly traded solid waste handling company. KTI
specialized in solid waste disposal and recycling, and operated manufacturing
facilities utilizing recycled materials. All of KTI s
common stock was acquired in exchange for 7,152 shares of Class A Common
Stock. 

In addition to the above,
the Company also acquired eight, eleven and ten solid waste hauling, landfill
disposal or material recycling operations in fiscal years ended April 30, 2003,
2004 and 2005, respectively, in transactions accounted for as purchases.
Accordingly, the operating results of these businesses are included in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations from the dates of acquisition,
and the purchase prices have been allocated to the net assets acquired based on
fair values at the dates of acquisition, with the residual amounts allocated to
goodwill. The purchase prices allocated to those net assets acquired were as
follows: 

April 30, 

2004 

2005 

Current assets 

217 

1 

Property, plant and equipment 

39,092 

4,624 

Goodwill 

4,653 

5,165 

Intangible assets 

1,963 

608 

Current liabilities 

(7,653 

(226 

Other non-current liabilities 

(5,722 

Total consideration 

32,550 

10,172 

The following unaudited pro forma combined information shows the results
of the Company s operations for the 

66 

fiscal years ended April 30,
2004 and 2005 as though each of the acquisitions completed in the fiscal years ended
April 30, 2004 and 2005 had occurred as of May 1, 2003. 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2004 

2005 

Revenues 

450,789 

484,952 

Operating income 

31,931 

41,849 

Net income 

6,882 

7,414 

Diluted pro forma net income per common
 share 

0.28 

0.29 

Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 

24,445 

25,193 

The pro forma results have
been prepared for comparative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative
of the actual results of operations had the acquisitions taken place or the
results of future operations of the Company. Furthermore, the pro forma results
do not give effect to all cost savings or incremental costs that may occur as a
result of the integration and consolidation of the completed acquisitions. 

5. RESTRICTED CASH 

Restricted cash consists of
cash held in trust on deposit with various banks as collateral for the Company s
financial obligations relative to its self insurance claims liability as well
as landfill capping, closure and post-closure costs and other facilities 
closure costs. Cash is also restricted by specific agreement for facilities 
maintenance and other purposes. 

A summary of restricted cash
is as follows: 

April 30, 

2004 

2005 

Current: 

Insurance 

8 

Landfill closure 

70 

70 

Facility maintenance and operations 

51 

Total 

129 

70 

April 30, 

2004 

2005 

Non Current: 

Insurance 

12,290 

12,124 

Total 

12,290 

12,124 

6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND
EQUIPMENT 

Property, plant and
equipment at April 30, 2004 and 2005 consist of the following: 

April 30, 

2004 

2005 

Land 

16,449 

18,413 

Landfills 

206,460 

244,084 

Landfill operating lease contracts 

30,512 

50,789 

Buildings and improvements 

60,177 

72,128 

Machinery and equipment 

172,085 

181,510 

Rolling stock 

108,236 

119,838 

Containers 

46,138 

50,894 

640,057 

737,656 

Less: accumulated depreciation and
 amortization 

268,019 

324,903 

372,038 

412,753 

67 

Depreciation expense for the
fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 was 32,991, 35,334 and
 36,570, respectively. Landfill amortization expense for the fiscal years ended
April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 was 13,257, 22,689 and 27,588,
respectively. Depletion expense on
landfill operating lease contracts for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2004
and 2005 was 1,248 and 4,785, respectively. 

7. INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Intangible assets at April 30,
2004 and 2005 consist of the following: 

Covenants 
 not to 
 compete 

Customer 
 lists 

Total 

April 30, 2004 

Intangible assets 

16,402 

688 

17,090 

Less accumulated amortization 

(12,995 

(517 

(13,512 

3,407 

171 

3,578 

April 30, 2005 

Intangible assets 

16,299 

688 

16,987 

Less accumulated amortization 

(13,670 

(606 

(14,276 

2,629 

82 

2,711 

The following table shows
the activity and balances related to goodwill from April 30, 2003 through April 30,
2005: 

Balance April 
 30, 2003 

Acquisitions 

Divestitures 

Other (1) 

Balance April 
 30, 2004 

North Eastern region 

26,617 

(847 

25,770 

South Eastern region 

30,117 

383 

(10 

30,490 

Central region 

25,485 

3,199 

28,684 

Western region 

49,847 

1,071 

50,918 

FCR Recycling 

27,616 

(6,248 

21,368 

Other 

Total 

159,682 

4,653 

(7,105 

157,230 

Balance April 
 30, 2004 

Acquisitions 

Divestitures 

Other (1) 

Balance April 
 30, 2005 

North Eastern region 

25,770 

(430 

25,340 

South Eastern region 

30,490 

1,156 

(1 

31,645 

Central region 

28,684 

1,477 

(3 

30,158 

Western region 

50,918 

2,532 

53,450 

FCR Recycling 

21,368 

(1,821 

(2,648 

16,899 

Other 

Total 

157,230 

5,165 

(1,821 

(3,082 

157,492 

(1) Consists primarily of a decrease in Federal
and state tax valuation allowances related to goodwill acquired as part of 

68 

the KTI
acquisition. 

Intangible amortization
expense for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 was
 1,631, 1,572 and 1,478, respectively. The intangible amortization expense
estimated as of April 30, 2005, for the five fiscal years following the
fiscal year ended April 30, 2005 is as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2006 

2007 

2008 

2009 

2010 

1,205 

663 

390 

210 

97 

8. NET ASSETS UNDER CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATION 

Effective
September 30, 2002, the Company transferred its export brokerage
operations to former employees, who had been responsible for managing that
business. Consideration for the
transaction was in the form of two notes receivable, amounting to 5,460. These notes were payable within five years of
the anniversary date of the transaction to the extent of free cash flow
generated from the operations. 

Effective
June 30, 2003, the Company entered into a similar transaction transferring
its domestic brokerage operations as well as a commercial recycling business to
former employees who had been responsible for managing those businesses. Consideration for the transaction was in the
form of two notes receivable amounting up to 6,925. These notes are payable within twelve years
of the anniversary date of the transaction to the extent of free cash flow
generated from the operations. 

The
Company did not initially account for either of these transactions as a sale
based on an assessment that the risks and other incidents of ownership had not
sufficiently transferred to the buyer. Effective
April 1, 2004, the notes from the buyer of the export brokerage operations
were paid in full and accordingly the Company was able to account for the
transfer of the export brokerage operations as a sale, for total consideration
of 4,984. The gain on the sale amounted
to 1,144 and is included in other income for fiscal year 2004. 

The
net assets of the domestic brokerage operations are disclosed in the balance
sheet as net assets under contractual obligation and are being reduced as
payments are made; they amounted to 2,148 and 1,392 at April 30, 2004
and 2005, respectively. 

9. ACCRUED CAPPING, CLOSURE AND
POST CLOSURE 

Accrued capping, closure and
post-closure costs include the current and non-current portion of costs
associated with obligations for closure and post-closure of our landfills. We
estimate our future capping, closure and post-closure costs in order to
determine the capping, closure and post-closure expense per ton of waste placed
into each landfill as further described in Note 1(l) to the consolidated financial
statements. The anticipated timeframe for paying these costs varies based on
the remaining useful life of each landfill, as well as the duration of the
post-closure monitoring period. The changes to accrued capping, closure and
post-closure liabilities are as follows: 

April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Balance, May, 1 

24,772 

25,949 

25,223 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle (1) 

(7,855 

Capping, closure, and post-closure
 liability, adjusted 

24,772 

18,094 

25,223 

Obligations incurred 

8,400 

4,556 

4,774 

Revisions in estimates 

(1,371 

(2,795 

Accretion expense 

1,871 

2,201 

Payments (2) 

(9,164 

(2,707 

(6,068 

Acquisitions and other adjustments (3) 

1,941 

4,780 

3,293 

Balance, April, 30 

25,949 

25,223 

26,628 

(1) Upon adoption of SFAS
No. 143, on May 1, 2003, we recorded a cumulative effect of change in
accounting principle of 2,723 (net of taxes of 1,856). In addition we recorded a decrease in our capping,
closure and post-closure 

69 

obligations of 7,855, and a decrease in our
net landfill assets of 3,228. For
additional information and analyses of the impact that adopting SFAS No. 143 had on our balance sheet and our results
of operations for the year ended April 30, 2005, see Note 3. 

(2) Spending levels increased in fiscal year 2003
mainly due to closure activities at our Woburn, Massachusetts and Pine Tree,
Maine landfills. Spending levels increased
in fiscal year 2005 mainly due to closure activities at our Southbridge,
Massachusetts landfill. 

(3) In fiscal year 2003, we recorded closure and
post closure accruals relating to the Hardwick landfill acquisition. The increase in fiscal 2004 is as a result of
capping, closure and post closure accruals relating to the acquisition of the
Southbridge, Massachusetts landfill operating contract. 

10. OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES 

Other accrued liabilities at
April 30, 2004 and 2005 consist of the following: 

April 30, 

2004 

2005 

Self insurance reserve 

8,962 

9,760 

Other accrued liabilities 

16,311 

14,759 

Total other accrued liabilities 

25,273 

24,519 

11. LONG-TERM DEBT 

Long-term
debt as of April 30, 2004 and 2005 consists of the following: 

April 30, 
 2004 

April 30, 
 2005 

Senior subordinated notes, due
 February 1, 2013, 9.75 , interest payable semiannually, unsecured and
 unconditionally guaranteed (including unamortized premium of 5,947 and
 5,460) 

200,957 

200,460 

Senior secured term loan (the term loan due January 24, 2010, bearing interest at LIBOR plus 2.75 with
 principal payments of 1,500 per year, beginning in fiscal 2005 with the
 remaining principal balance due at maturity 

148,500 

Senior secured revolving credit facility
 (the new revolver ), which provides for advances or letters of credit of up
 to 350,000, due April 28, 2010, bearing interest at LIBOR plus 2.00 ,
 (approximately 5.22 at April 30, 2005 based on three month LIBOR). This
 loan is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company 

177,300 

Notes payable in connection with businesses
 acquired, bearing interest at rates of 0 - 12.5 , due in monthly, quarterly
 or annual installments varying to 43, expiring November 2004 through
 May 2009 

2,958 

957 

Notes payable in connection with businesses
 acquired, bearing interest at 0 , discounted at 4.74 to 5.5 , due in monthly
 and annual installments varying to 1,000 through April 2005 

2,290 

354,705 

378,717 

Less - current maturities 

5,542 

281 

349,163 

378,436 

On
January 24, 2003, the Company issued 150,000 of 9.75 senior subordinated
notes (the notes ), due 2013. The senior subordinated note agreement contains
covenants that restrict dividends, stock repurchases and other payments, and
limits the incurrence of debt and issuance of preferred stock. The notes are guaranteed jointly and
severally, fully and unconditionally by the Company and its significant
subsidiaries. 

On
February 2, 2004, the Company issued an additional 45,000 of 9.75 senior
subordinated notes due 2013. Proceeds
from the issuance were used to repay outstanding indebtedness under the Company s
revolving credit facility, to pay transaction costs related to the offering and
for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. The notes were issued at a premium of 6,075,
which will be amortized over the life of the notes. Premium amortization of 118 and 497 was 

70 

recorded to interest expense in
fiscal 2004 and 2005, respectively, using the effective interest rate
method. The unamortized premium was
 5,957 and 5,460 at April 30, 2004 and 2005, respectively. 

On
April 29, 2005, the Company entered into a new senior credit facility with
a group of banks for which Bank of America is acting as agent. The new facility consists of a senior secured
revolving credit facility in the amount of 350,000. Under certain circumstances the Company has
the option of increasing the credit facility by an additional 100,000 provided
that the Company is not in default at the time of the increase, and subject to
the receipt of commitments from lenders for such additional amount. This credit facility is secured by all of the
Company s assets, including our interest in the equity securities of the
Company s subsidiaries. The revolving
credit facility matures April 2010. 
The initial borrowings under the credit facility were used to repay all
outstanding indebtedness under the term loan and the old revolver. The former senior credit facility consisted
of a 175,000 senior secured revolving credit facility and a senior secured
term B loan, which had an outstanding balance of 148,500 million at April 30,
2004. Further advances were available
under the old revolver and new revolver in the amount of 142,061 and 140,413
as of April 30, 2004 and 2005, respectively. These available amounts are net of
outstanding irrevocable letters of credit totaling 32,939 and 32,287 as of April 30, 2004 and
2005. Unused letters of credit amounted
to 47,061and 140,413 at April 30, 2004 and 2005, respectively. As of April 30, 2004 and 2005 no amounts
had been drawn under the outstanding letters of credit. 

The
new senior revolving credit facility agreement contains covenants that may
limit the Company s activities including covenants that forbid the payment of
dividends on common stock. As of April 30,
2005, these covenants restricted capital expenditures to 1.75X depreciation
and landfill amortization, set a minimum net worth requirement of 151,699, a
minimum interest coverage ratio of 2.75, a maximum consolidated total funded
debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio of 4.75 and a
maximum senior funded debt to consolidated EBITDA
ratio of 3.00. As of April 30,
2005, the company was in compliance with all covenants. 

The
Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of 1,716 in fiscal 2005 as a
result of the write-off of deferred financing costs related to the former credit
facility. The Company recorded a loss on
debt extinguishment of 3,649 in fiscal year 2003 as a result of the write-off
of deferred financing costs related to renegotiating the Company s then
existing credit facility in fiscal year 2003. 

The
Company has historically entered into interest rate swap agreements to balance
fixed and floating rate debt interest risk in accordance with management s
criteria. The agreements are contracts
to exchange fixed and floating interest rate payments periodically over a
specified term without the exchange of the underlying notional amounts. The agreements provide only for the exchange
of interest on the notional amounts at the stated rates, with no multipliers or
leverage. Differences paid or received
over the life of the agreements are recorded in the consolidated financial
statements as additions to or reductions of interest expense on the underlying
debt. 

The
Company terminated five interest rate swaps in January, 2003 concurrent with
the issuance of the notes and entering into its then current senior credit
facilities. These derivatives were accounted for as cash flow hedges pursuant
to SFAS 133 and were designated to interest
payments under the previous credit facility. The early termination costs
associated with the unwind of these swaps amounted to 1,296 which is included
in other expense/(income), net in the consolidated statements of operations for
fiscal year 2003. 

At
April 30, 2004 the Company had two interest rate swaps outstanding,
expiring in February 2006, with an aggregate notional amount of
 53,000. The Company evaluated these
swaps and determined that these instruments qualified for hedge accounting
pursuant to SFAS No. 133. The fair value of
these swaps was an obligation of 118, with the net amount (net of taxes of
 48) recorded as an unrealized loss in other comprehensive income at April 30,
2004. These interest rate swaps were
terminated on April 28, 2005 concurrent with the Company entering into the
new senior credit facility. The Company
received net proceeds of 443, which remains in other comprehensive income, and
will be amortized against interest expense over the remaining original term of
the swap contracts. 

On May 9, 2005, the Company entered into three separate interest
rate swap agreements with three banks for a notional amount of 75,000. The contracts are forward starting contracts
that will effectively fix the interest index rate on the entire notional amount
at 4.4 from May 4, 2006 through May 5, 2008. These agreements will be specifically
designated to interest payments under the revolving credit facility and will be
accounted for as effective cash flow hedges pursuant to SFAS
No. 133. 

As
of April 30, 2005, debt matures as follows: 

71 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2006 

281 

2007 

415 

2008 

121 

2009 

105 

2010 

177,335 

Thereafter (1) 

200,460 

378,717 

(1) Includes
unamortized premium of 5,460. 

12. COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES 

(a) Leases 

The
following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments, together with
the present value of the net minimum lease payments under capital leases, as of
April 30, 2005: 

Operating 
 Leases 

Capital 
 Leases 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2006 

8,976 

774 

2007 

8,589 

769 

2008 

8,020 

765 

2009 

7,194 

82 

2010 

6,786 

Thereafter 

122,814 

Total minimum lease payments 

162,379 

2,390 

Less-amount representing interest 

283 

2,107 

Less-current maturities of capital lease
 obligations 

632 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

1,475 

The
Company leases real estate, compactors and hauling vehicles under leases that
qualify for treatment as capital leases. The assets related to these leases
have been capitalized and are included in property and equipment at April 30,
2004 and 2005. The Company leases
operating facilities and equipment under operating leases with monthly payments
varying to 50. Total rent expense under
operating leases charged to operations was 4,955, 4,970 and 4,882 in fiscal
years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005, respectively. 

During fiscal 2004, the Company entered into three landfill operation
and management agreements. These
agreements are long-term landfill operating contracts with government bodies
whereby the Company receives tipping revenue, pays normal operating expenses
and assumes future capping, closure and post-closure liabilities. The government body retains ownership of the
landfill. There is no bargain purchase
option and title to the property does not pass to the Company at the end of the
lease term. The Company allocated the consideration paid to the landfill
airspace rights and underlying land lease based on the relative fair values. 

In addition to up-front or one-time payments, the landfill operating
agreements require the Company to make future minimum rental payments,
including success/expansion fees, other direct costs and capping, closure, and
post closure costs. The value of all future probable lease
payments are amortized and charged to cost of operations over the life of the
contract. The Company amortizes the
consideration allocated to airspace rights as airspace is utilized on a
units-of-consumption basis and such amortization is charged to cost of
operations as airspace is consumed i.e. as tons are placed into the
landfill. The underlying value of the
land lease is amortized to cost of operations on a straight-line basis over the
estimated life of the operating agreement. 
Depletion of landfill operating lease contracts charged to
operations was 1,248 and 4,785 in fiscal years ended April 30, 2004 and
2005, respectively. 

72 

(b) Investment in Waste-to-Energy Facilities 

The
Company owns a 100 interest in Maine Energy, which utilizes non-hazardous
solid waste as the fuel for the generation of electricity. Maine Energy sells
the electricity it produces to Central Maine Power Central Maine pursuant
to a long-term power purchase agreement. Under this agreement, Maine Energy has
agreed to sell energy to Central Maine through May 31, 2007 at an initial
rate of 7.18 cents (determined in 1996) per kilowatt-hour kWh ), which
escalates annually by 2 (8.96 cents per kWh as of April 30, 2005). From June 1,
2007 until December 31, 2012, Maine Energy is to be paid the then current
market value for both its energy and capacity by Central Maine. 

If,
in any year, Maine Energy fails to produce 100,000,000 kWh of electricity and
Maine Energy does not have a force majeure defense,
such as physical damage to the plant or other similar events, Maine Energy must
pay approximately 3,750 to Central Maine as liquidated damages. This payment
obligation is secured by a letter of credit with a bank. Additionally, if, in
any year, Maine Energy fails to produce 15,000,000 kWh of electricity and Maine
Energy does not have a force majeure defense, Maine
Energy must pay the balance of the letter of credit to Central Maine as
liquidated damages. The balance of the letter of credit at April 30, 2005
was 11,250. 

Maine
Energy produced and sold 158,075,200 kWh, 150,732,000 kWh and 156,146,000 kWh
of electricity to Central Maine in the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003,
2004 and 2005, respectively, thereby meeting its kWh requirements under the
power purchase agreement. 

Under
the terms of a waste handling agreement between certain municipalities and
Maine Energy, the latter is obligated to make a payment at the point in time
that Maine Energy pays off its debt obligations (as defined), currently
estimated to occur in 2008, or upon the consummation of an outright sale of
Maine Energy. The obligation has been estimated by management and recorded at
 9,700. Management believes the possibility of material loss in excess of this
amount is remote. 

(c) Legal Proceedings 

In the
normal course of its business and as a result of the extensive governmental
regulation of the waste industry, the Company may periodically become subject
to various judicial and administrative proceedings involving Federal, state or
local agencies. In these proceedings, an
agency may seek to impose fines on the Company or to revoke, or to deny renewal
of, an operating permit held by the Company. 
In addition, the Company may become party to various claims and suits
for alleged damages to persons and property, alleged violation of certain laws
and for alleged liabilities arising out of matters occurring during the normal
operation of the waste management business. 

During
the period of November 21, 1996 to October 9, 1997, the Company
performed certain closure activities and installed a cut-off wall at the
Clinton County landfill, located in Clinton County, New York. In April 1999,
the New York State Department of Labor DOL alleged that the Company should have paid prevailing wages in connection with
the labor associated with such activities. The Company has disputed the
allegations and a hearing on the liability issue was held on September 16,
2002. In November 2002, both sides submitted proposed findings of fact and
conclusions of law. On May 12, 2004, the Commissioner of Labor issued an
order finding that the closure activities and the cut-off wall project were public
works projects that were subject to prevailing wage requirements. On June 10,
2004 the Company filed a judicial challenge to the Commissioner s decision,
which was stayed for a nine-month period. 
On April 15, 2005, the Company reached a settlement with the DOL whereby the Company agreed to pay back wages in the
amount of 482, interest in the amount of 222, and a civil penalty in the
amount of 35. The Company also withdrew
its appeal of the Commissioner s findings. 

The
New Hampshire Superior Court in Grafton, NH ruled on February 1, 1999 that
the Town of Bethlehem, NH could not enforce an ordinance purportedly
prohibiting expansion of the Company s NCES landfill,
at least with respect to 51 acres of NCES s 87 acre
parcel, based upon certain existing land-use approvals. As a result, NCES was able to construct and operate Stage II, Phase II 
of the landfill. In May 2001, the Supreme Court denied the Town s appeal.
Notwithstanding the Supreme Court s 2001 ruling, the Town continued to assert
jurisdiction to conduct unqualified site plan review with respect to Stage III
and has further stated that the Town s height ordinance and building permit
process may apply to Stage III. On September 12, 2001, the Company filed a
petition for, among other things, declaratory relief. On December 4, 2001,
the Town filed an answer to the Company s petition asserting counterclaims
seeking, among other things, authorization to assert site plan review over
Stage III, which commenced operation in December 2000, as well as the
methane gas utilization/leachate handling facility
operating in Stage III, and also an order declaring that an ordinance
prohibiting landfills 

73 

applies to Stage IV expansion.
The trial related to the Town s jurisdiction was held in December 2002 and
on April 24, 2003, the Grafton Superior Court upheld the Town s 1992
ordinance preventing the location or expansion of any landfill, ruling that the
ordinance may be applied to any part of Stage IV that goes beyond the 51 acres;
ruling that the Town s height ordinance is valid within the 51 acres; upholding
the Town s right to require Site Plan Review, except that there are certain
areas within the Town s Site Plan Review regulation that are preempted; and
ruling that the methane gas utilization/leachate
handling facility is not subject to the Town s ordinance forbidding
incinerators. On May 27, 2003, NCES appealed the Court ruling to the New Hampshire Supreme
Court. On March 1, 2004, the
Supreme Court issued an opinion affirming that NCES
has all of the local approvals that it needs to operate within the 51
acres. If successful in obtaining state
permits for development and operation within the 51 acres, NCES
expects to be able to provide from three to five years of disposal
capacity. The Supreme Court s opinion
left open for further review the question of whether the Town s 1992 ordinance
can prevent expansion of the facility outside the 51 acres, remanding to the
Superior Court two legal claims raised by NCES as
grounds for invalidating the 1992 ordinance. 
An interlocutory appeal to the Supreme Court by NCES
regarding a Superior Court judge s denial of a motion to recuse
herself was denied on November 18, 2004. 
The parties have filed numerous motions for summary judgment before the
trial court. On April 19, 2005, the
Superior Court judge granted NCES partial motion for
summary judgment, ruling that the 1992 ordinance is invalid because it
distinguishes between users of land rather than uses of land, and that the
state statute preempts the Town s ability to issue a building permit for the
methane gas utilization/leachate handling facility to
the extent the Town s regulations relate to design, installation, construction,
modification or operation. A remand
trial will be scheduled for the remaining issues not resolved by summary
judgment (whether the Town can impose site plan review requirements outside the
51 acres, and whether the 1992 ordinance contravenes the general welfare of the
community). 

On
or about November 7, 2001, the Company s subsidiary New England Waste
Services of ME, Inc. was served with a complaint filed in Massachusetts
Superior Court on behalf of Daniel J. Quirk, Inc. and 14 citizens against
The Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection MADEP ),
Quarry Hill Associates, Inc. and New England Waste Services of ME, Inc.
dba New England Organics, et al. The complaint seeks
injunctive relief related to the use of MADEP-approved
wastewater treatment sludge in place of naturally occurring topsoil as final
landfill cover material at the site of the Quarry Hills Recreation Complex
Project in Quincy, Massachusetts (the Project ), including removal of the
material, or placement of an additional clean cover. On February 21,
2002, the MADEP filed a motion for stay pending a
litigation control schedule. Plaintiffs have filed a cross-motion to
consolidate the case with 11 other cases they filed related to the Project.
Additionally, the Company has cross-claimed against other named defendants
seeking indemnification and contribution. In September 2002, the court
granted a stay of all proceedings pending the filing of summary judgment
motions by all defendants on the issue of whether the plaintiffs are barred
from suing the defendants as a result of a covenant not to sue that was signed
by plaintiffs in 1998. On December 17, 2002, the court granted certain
summary judgment motions filed by the defendants, the effect of which was the
dismissal of all claims against all defendants in all cases where New England
Waste Services of ME, Inc. was a defendant. On or about February 12,
2003, plaintiffs filed an appeal. On September 24, 2004, the Massachusetts
State Appeals court reversed the Superior Court and reinstated the dismissed
cases. On May 20, 2005, plaintiff
proposed to dismiss without prejudice the two actions in which New England Waste
Services of ME, Inc. is a defendant. 
The Company believes it has meritorious defenses to these claims. 

On
January 10, 2002, the City of Biddeford, Maine filed a lawsuit in York
County Superior Court in Maine alleging breach of the waste handling agreement
among the Biddeford-Saco Waste Handling Committee, the cities of Biddeford and
Saco, Maine and the Company s subsidiary Maine Energy for (1) failure to
pay the residual cancellation payments in connection with the Company s merger
with KTI and (2) processing amounts of waste
above contractual limits without notice to the City. On May 3, 2002, the
City of Saco filed a lawsuit in York County Superior Court against the Company,
Maine Energy and other subsidiaries. The complaint in that action, which was
amended by the City of Saco on July 22, 2002, alleges breaches of the 1991
waste handling agreement for failure to pay the residual cancellation payment,
which Saco alleges is due as a result of, among other things, (1) the
Company s merger with KTI and (2) Maine Energy s
failure to pay off certain limited partner loans in accordance with the terms
of the agreement. The complaint also seeks damages for breach of contract and a
court order requiring the Company to provide an accounting of all transactions since
May 3, 1996 involving transfers of assets to or for the benefit of the
equity owners of Maine Energy. On June 6, 2002, the additional 13
municipalities that were parties to the 1991 waste handling agreements filed a
lawsuit in York County Superior Court against Maine Energy alleging breaches of
the 1991 waste handling agreements for failure to pay the residual cancellation
payment which they allege is due as a result of (1) the Company s merger
with KTI; and (2) failure to pay off the limited
partner loans when funds were allegedly available. On July 25, 2002, the
three actions were consolidated for purposes of discovery, case management and
pretrial proceedings. On December 23, 2003, the action brought by the
Tri-County Towns against Maine Energy was stayed pursuant to a court order as a
result of a conditional settlement reached by the parties. The settlement
became final, and, on or about July 8, 2004, the Tri-County Towns action
was dismissed with prejudice pursuant to 

74 

stipulation by the parties. The
Company is currently engaged in settlement negotiations with the Cities of
Biddeford and Saco concerning the claims asserted in these actions and other
matters, however, at this stage it is impossible to predict whether a
settlement will be reached. The Company has vigorously contested the claims
asserted by the cities. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses to
these claims. 

On
or about September 17, 2003, the Company was served with a complaint filed
in the Superior Court of Delaware. The complaint alleges that Manner Resins, Inc.,
the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, was a party to a lease agreement where
it was a tenant and the plaintiff was the landlord. The complaint further
alleges that KTI, Inc., the Company s
wholly-owned subsidiary, guaranteed the tenant s obligations under the lease.
The landlord alleges that the tenant is in default of the lease in that it
constructed improvements without consent, damaged certain structures and failed
to make certain payments. Plaintiff s demand for damages is 867. The Company
filed a summary judgment motion to dismiss Manner Resins, Inc. in that it
was incorrectly named as a party since the tenant is a company now known as
First State Recycling, Inc. First State ), which the Company sold on August 11,
2000. On June 3, 2005, the Court
granted the Company s motion for summary judgment effectively dismissing Manner
Resins, Inc. While KTI, Inc. remains in the litigation, the buyer of
First State has agreed to indemnify and defend the Company from any liability
that KTI, Inc. might have in the
litigation. The Company believes it has
meritorious defenses to these claims. 

On
or about December 3, 2003, Maine Energy was served with a complaint filed in
the United States District Court for the District of Maine. The complaint was a citizen suit under the
federal Clean Air Act CAA and similar state law
alleging (1) emissions of volatile organic compounds VOCs in violation of its federal operating permit; (2) failure to accurately
identify emissions; and (3) failure to control VOC emissions through
implementation of reasonably available control technology. In addition, the complaint alleged that Maine
Energy was negligent and that the subject emissions cause odors and constitute
a public nuisance. The allegations
related to Maine Energy s waste-to-energy facility located in Biddeford, Maine
and its construction, installation and operation of a new odor control system
which redirects air from tipping and processing buildings to a boiler building
for treatment by three air vents. The
complaint sought an unspecified amount of civil penalties, damages, injunctive
relief and attorney s fees. The court
allowed the City s requests to amend its complaint to assert (1) an
additional CAA claim that Maine Energy filed with the
Maine DEP a compliance certification for calendar
year 2002 which failed to disclose required information concerning VOC
emissions, and (2) an additional claim that the installation of the odor
control system constituted a major modification under the Maine DEP air rules, which required Maine Energy to obtain
emission offsets and to apply the most stringent level of emission control
known as the Lowest Available Emission Rate or LAER. This latter amendment sought additional
relief in the form of an order requiring that Maine Energy obtain emission
offsets and apply LAER to emissions from its tipping
and processing operations. On June 2,
2004, the City of Biddeford dismissed the subject complaint without prejudice
while settlement negotiations take place. 
On or about May 25, 2004, Maine Energy received a revised 60-Day
Notice of Intent to Sue Under the CAA from the Cities
of Biddeford and Saco. The Notice states
that the Cities intend to refile suit under the CAA in the event that the ongoing settlement negotiations
do not resolve the claims. On or about July 22,
2004 and March 28, 2005, Maine Energy received from the United States
Environmental Protection Agency EPA a request for information pursuant to section 114(a)(1) of
the CAA, which states that the EPA is evaluating
whether the Maine Energy facility is in compliance with the CAA,
CAA regulations, and licenses issued under the CAA. Maine Energy
intends to fully cooperate with the EPA in connection with these requests for
information pertaining to VOC emissions issues. 

On
March 2, 2005, the Company s subsidiary Casella
Waste Management of Pennsylvania, Inc. CWMPA was issued an Administrative Order by the Pennsylvania Department of
Environmental Protection DEP revoking CWMPA s transfer station permit for its 75-ton-per-day
transfer station located in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania and ordering that the site
be closed. The DEP
based its decision on certain alleged violations related to recordkeeping and
site management over a five-year period. 
On March 10, 2005, CWMPA appealed the
Order to the State s Environmental Hearing Board EHB ). The Pennsylvania Attorney General s Office is
also conducting a criminal investigation of the allegations. On March 17, 2005, CWMPA
and the DEP mutually agreed to a Supersedeas
Order approved by the EHB which superseded the March 2,
2005 DEP Order, stating that CWMPA
agreed to (i) voluntarily cease operations at
the transfer station until May 16, 2005; (ii) relocate its hauling
company before May 16, 2005; and (iii) develop a Management and
Operation Plan for the transfer station by May 16, 2005. On May 17, 2005, the EHB
judge extended the Supersedeas Order until June 10,
2005 and authorized the transfer station to resume operations upon completion
of the relocation of the hauling company and receipt of a permit modification
related to the weighing of bag waste from individual customers. CWMPA satisfied the
conditions and recommenced operations at the transfer station on May 20,
2005. On June 9, 2005, CWMPA and the DEP filed a
stipulation with the EHB withdrawing and voiding the March 2,
2005 Order revoking the permit, while reserving the DEP s
right to seek civil penalties and the Company s right to defend against any
such penalties. 

75 

On
March 10, 2005, the Zoning Enforcement Officer for the Town of Hardwick,
Massachusetts rendered an opinion that more than half of the current Phase II
footprint of the Company s Hardwick Landfill is on land that is not properly
zoned. On April 7, 2005, the
Company appealed the opinion to the Hardwick Zoning Board of Appeals. A decision is expected by mid-July 2005. The Company and the Town executed a Host
Community Agreement on June 7, 2005, which provides the Town with certain
immediate benefits and will provide certain deferred benefits upon receipt of
approvals for the rezoning of the existing landfill area and an expansion area. 

On
March 14, 2005, the Company and the Company s subsidiary New England Waste
Services of ME, Inc. NEWSME were served with
a complaint filed by the Environmental Exchange in the State of Maine Superior
Court alleging restraint of trade, and conspiracy to monopolize trade. The plaintiff claims that the Company s
ownership of NEWSME, which in turn owns the New
England Organics line of business and the Pine Tree Landfill, allegedly enabled
NEWSME to obtain favorable tipping fees at Pine Tree
Landfill thereby excluding the plaintiff from competitively bidding on a
contract with Indeck Maine Energy LLC to haul and
dispose of fly ash. Plaintiff alleges
that the Company and NEWSME lessened competition and
monopolized trade. On April 4,
2005, the Company and NEWSME filed a motion to
dismiss. The Company believes it has
meritorious defenses to these claims. 

On
May 25, 2005, the Company was served with an antitrust summons by the
Office of the Attorney General of the State of Maine pursuant to their
investigation of whether the Company and the City of Lewiston have entered into
an agreement to operate a municipal landfill in restraint of trade or commerce
and whether such an agreement would constitute an acquisition of assets that
may substantially lessen competition or tend to create a monopoly. The summons seeks the production of documents
related to the Company s operations in the State of Maine. The Company believes it has meritorious
defenses to these claims. 

The
Company is a defendant in certain other lawsuits alleging various claims
incurred in the ordinary course of business, none of which, either individually
or in the aggregate, the Company believes are material to its financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

(d) Environmental Liability 

The
Company is subject to liability for any environmental damage, including
personal injury and property damage, that its solid waste, recycling and power
generation facilities may cause to neighboring property owners, particularly as
a result of the contamination of drinking water sources or soil, possibly
including damage resulting from conditions existing before the Company acquired
the facilities. The Company may also be subject to liability for similar claims
arising from off-site environmental contamination caused by pollutants or
hazardous substances if the Company or its predecessors arrange to transport,
treat or dispose of those materials. Any substantial liability incurred by the
Company arising from environmental damage could have a material adverse effect
on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. The
Company is not presently aware of any situations that it expects would have a
material adverse impact on the results of operations or financial condition. 

(e) Employment Contracts 

The
Company has entered into employment contracts with four of its senior officers.
Two contracts are dated December 8, 1999, while the other two are dated June 18,
2001 and July 20, 2001, respectively. Each contract has a three year term
and a two year covenant not to compete from the date of termination. These
contracts automatically extend for a one year period at the end of the initial
term and any renewal period. Total annual commitments for salaries under these
contracts are 1,150. In the event of a change in control of the Company, or in
the event of involuntary termination without cause, the employment contracts
provide for a payment ranging from one to three years of salary and bonuses. 

13. PREFERRED STOCK 

The
Company is authorized to issue up to 1,000 shares of preferred stock in one or
more series. As of April 30, 2004 and 2005, the Company had 56 shares
authorized, 56 and 54 shares issued and outstanding, respectively, of Series A
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock issued at 1,000 per share. These shares
are convertible into Class A common stock, at the option of the holders,
at 14 per share. Dividends are cumulative at a rate of 5 , compounded
quarterly from the issuance date of August 11, 2000. The Company has the
option to redeem the preferred stock for cash at any time after three years at
a price giving the holder a defined yield, but must redeem the shares by the
seventh anniversary date at liquidation value, which equals original cost, plus
accrued but unpaid dividends, if any. Pursuant to the stock agreement,
acceleration of 

76 

the liquidation provisions
would occur upon change in control of the Company. 

During
the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005, the Company accrued
 3,094, 3,252 and 3,338 of dividends, respectively, which are included in the
carrying value of the preferred stock in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. 

14. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(a) Common Stock 

The
holders of the Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each
share held. The holders of the Class B Common Stock are entitled to ten
votes for each share held, except for the election of one director, who is
elected by the holders of the Class A Common Stock exclusively. The Class B
Common Stock is convertible into Class A Common Stock on a share-for-share
basis at the option of the shareholder. 

(b) Stock Warrants 

At
April 30, 2004 and 2005, there were outstanding warrants to purchase 91
shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock at exercise prices between
 15.88 and 43.63 per share, based on the fair value of the underlying common
stock at the time of the warrants issuance. The warrants are exercisable and
expire at varying times through November 2008. 

(c) Stock Option Plans 

During
1993, the Company adopted an incentive stock option plan for officers and other
key employees. The 1993 Incentive Stock Option Plan (the 1993 Option Plan provided for the issuance of a maximum of 300 shares of Class A Common
Stock. As of April 30, 2004, options to purchase 14 shares of Class A
common stock were outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of 4.61. As
of April 30, 2005, options to purchase 12 shares of Class A common
stock were outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of 4.61. No further options may be granted under this
plan. 

During
1996, the Company adopted a stock option plan for employees, officers and
directors of, and consultants and advisors to the Company. The 1996 Stock
Option Plan (the 1996 Option Plan provided for the issuance of a maximum of
918 shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the grant of either
incentive stock options or non-statutory options. As of April 30, 2004, a
total of 279 options to purchase Class A Common Stock were outstanding at
a weighted average exercise price of 11.62. As of April 30, 2005, a total
of 270 options to purchase Class A common Stock were outstanding at an
average exercise price of 11.59. No further options may be granted under this
plan. 

On
July 31, 1997, the Company adopted a stock option plan for employees,
officers and directors of, and consultants and advisors to the Company. The
Board of Directors has the authority to select the optionees
and determine the terms of the options granted. The 1997 Stock Option Plan (the
 1997 Option Plan provides for the issuance of 5,328 shares of Class A
Common Stock pursuant to the grant of either incentive stock options or
non-statutory options, which includes all authorized, but unissued
options under previous plans. As of April 30, 2004, options to purchase
2,959 shares of Class A Common Stock at an average exercise price of
 12.99 were outstanding under the 1997 Option Plan. As of April 30, 2005,
options to purchase 2,938 shares of Class A Common Stock at a weighted
average exercise price of 13.13 were outstanding under the 1997 Option Plan.
As of April 30, 2005, 1,390 options were available for future grant under
the 1997 Option Plan. 

Additionally,
options outstanding under the assumed KTI Stock
Option Plan totaled 70 and 36 at April 30, 2004 and 2005, respectively, at
weighted average exercise prices of 20.41 and 21.52, respectively. Upon
assumption of this plan, options under the KTI plan
became exercisable for an equal number of shares of the Company s stock. The exercise price of the converted options
was increased by 96.1 based on relative fair values of the underlying stock at
the date of the KTI acquisition. 

On
July 31, 1997, the Company adopted a stock option plan for non-employee
directors of the Company. The 1997 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan
provides for the issuance of a maximum of 200 shares of Class A Common
Stock pursuant to the grant of non-statutory options. As of April 30, 2004
and 2005, options to purchase 117 shares of Class A Common Stock at a
weighted average exercise price of 11.44 and 159 shares of Class A Common
Stock at a weighted average exercise price of 11.72 respectively, were
outstanding. As of April 30, 2005, 39 options were available for future
grant under the 1997 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan. 

77 

On
July 2, 2001, the Company offered its employees, other than executive
officers, the opportunity to ask the Company to exchange options having an
exercise price of 12.00 or more per share. For every two eligible options
surrendered, the participating option holders received one new option on February 4,
2002 at an exercise price of 12.75, which was equal to the closing price of a
common share as quoted by NASDAQ on that day 666 options were surrendered for
exchange under the offering resulting in 333 options being granted to
participants. 

Options
generally vest over a one to three year period from the date of grant and are
granted at prices at least equal to the prevailing fair market value at the
issue date. In general, options are issued with a life not to exceed ten years. 

Stock
option activity for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005
is as follows: 

Number of 
 Options 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise Price 

Outstanding, April 30, 2002 

4,237 

13.09 

Granted 

225 

8.30 

Terminated 

(83 

(19.06 

Exercised 

(26 

(5.28 

Outstanding, April 30, 2003 

4,353 

12.77 

Granted 

230 

10.54 

Terminated 

(355 

22.28 

Exercised 

(791 

(6.11 

Outstanding, April 30, 2004 

3,437 

13.07 

Granted 

355 

13.16 

Terminated 

(209 

(16.98 

Exercised 

(168 

(9.48 

Outstanding, April 30, 2005 

3,415 

12.93 

Exercisable, April 30, 2003 

3,982 

13.06 

Exercisable, April 30, 2004 

3,164 

13.27 

Exercisable, April 30, 2005 

3,063 

13.02 

Set
forth below is a summary of options outstanding and exercisable as of April 30,
2005: 

Options Outstanding 

Options Exercisable 

Range of 
 Exercise Price 

Number of 
 Outstanding 
 Options 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Contractual 
 Life (Years) 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Number of 
 Exercisable 
 Options 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

4.61 -
 6.91 

128 

3.2 

5.06 

114 

4.97 

6.92 - 10.38 

946 

5.5 

8.77 

892 

8.75 

10.39 -
 15.58 

1,857 

6.0 

13.23 

1,572 

13.25 

15.59 -
 23.38 

247 

3.5 

17.43 

247 

17.43 

Over 23.39 

237 

3.0 

26.77 

238 

26.77 

Totals 

3,415 

5.4 

12.93 

3,063 

13.02 

The
weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the fiscal
years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 is 8.30, 4.76 and 5.43,
respectively. 

78 

15. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 

The Company offers its
eligible employees the opportunity to contribute to a 401(k) plan. The
Company will contribute fifty cents for every dollar an employee invests in the
401(k) plan up to a maximum Company match of five-hundred dollars per calendar
year. The maximum Company match will
increase to seven-hundred fifty dollars in fiscal year 2006. Participants
vest in employer contributions ratably over a three year period. Employer
contributions for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005
amounted to 368, 397 and 365, respectively. 

In
January 1998, the Company implemented its Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
Under this plan, qualified employees may purchase shares of Class A Common
Stock by payroll deduction at a 15 discount from the market price. 600 shares
of Class A Common Stock have been reserved for this purpose. During the
fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005, 28, 39 and 22 shares,
respectively, of Class A Common Stock were issued under this plan. 

16. INCOME TAXES 

The
provision (benefit) for income taxes from continuing operations for the fiscal
years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 consists of the following: 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Federal 

Current 

22 

22 

69 

Deferred 

(729 

5,508 

3,813 

Deferred benefit of loss carryforwards 

1,970 

(7,985 

1,263 

(2,455 

3,882 

State 

Current 

871 

360 

524 

Deferred 

1,594 

1,872 

1,319 

Deferred benefit of loss carryforwards 

97 

(1,399 

2,562 

833 

1,843 

3,825 

(1,622 

5,725 

The
differences in the provision (benefit) for income taxes and the amounts
determined by applying the Federal statutory rate to income before provision
(benefit) for income taxes for the years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and
2005 are as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Federal statutory rate 

35 

35 

35 

Tax at statutory rate 

2,766 

1,319 

4,527 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

1,647 

(360 

604 

(Decrease)/increase in valuation allowance 

(3,173 

(2,746 

593 

Losses on business dispositions 

849 

Non-deductible impairment charge 

568 

Increase in state tax rate, net of federal
 benefit 

(95 

Other, net 

1,168 

165 

96 

3,825 

(1,622 

5,725 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between the amounts of
assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and such
amounts recognized for income tax purposes. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following at April 30,
2004 and 2005: 

79 

April 30, 

2004 

2005 

Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

43,599 

42,745 

Accrued expenses and reserves 

11,889 

11,105 

Deferred revenue 

1,652 

Alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards 

672 

715 

Gain on business dispositions 

329 

332 

Capital loss carryforward 

224 

Other 

2,151 

2,131 

Total deferred tax assets 

58,864 

58,680 

Less: valuation allowance 

(10,317 

(5,411 

Total deferred tax assets after valuation
 allowance 

48,547 

53,269 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Accelerated depreciation of property and equipment 

(33,030 

(30,337 

Amortization of intangibles 

(8,219 

(13,400 

Basis difference in partnership interests 

(2,602 

(7,713 

Other 

(82 

(83 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

(43,933 

(51,533 

Net deferred tax asset 

4,614 

1,736 

At
April 30, 2005, the Company has, for Federal income tax purposes, net
operating loss carryforwards of approximately 108,807
that expire in years 2006 through 2024 and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 62,614 that expire in years
2006 through 2025. Substantial limitations restrict the Company s ability to
utilize certain Federal and state loss carryforwards.
Due to uncertainty of the utilization of the carryforwards,
no tax benefit has been recognized for approximately 3,009 of the Federal net
operating loss carryforwards and 47,117 of the state
net operating loss carryforwards. In addition, the
Company has approximately 715 minimum tax credit carryforward
available that is not subject to limitation. 

The
 4,906 net decrease in the valuation allowance is primarily due to the
reduction in the valuation allowance for Federal loss carryforwards
as utilization of the Company s tax losses is more certain, and the expiration
of certain Federal and state loss carryforwards,
offset in part by an increase in the valuation allowance for certain state loss
carryforwards. 
The change in the valuation allowance includes a 2,801 decrease related
to Federal and state loss carryforwards that was
recorded as a reduction to KTI goodwill. 

The
valuation allowance includes 1,364 related to losses acquired through
acquisitions. To the extent that future realization of such carryforwards
exceeds the Company s current estimates, additional benefits received will be
recorded as a reduction of goodwill. In assessing the realizability
of carryforwards and other deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company adjusts the
valuation allowance in the period management determines it is more likely than
not that deferred tax assets will or will not be realized. 

17. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS,
DIVESTITURES, IMPAIRMENT CHARGES AND
DEFERRED COSTS. 

Discontinued
Operations: 

In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003, the Company entered into negotiations with
former employees for the transfer of its domestic brokerage operations and a
commercial recycling business. The transaction was completed in June 2003.
The commercial recycling business had been accounted for as a discontinued
operation since fiscal 2001. Due to the nature of the transaction, the Company
could not retain discontinued accounting treatment for this operation.
Therefore, the commercial recycling business operating results have been
reclassified from discontinued to continuing operations for fiscal 2003. In
fiscal 2001, estimated future losses from this operation were recorded and
classified as losses from discontinued operations. This amount has been
reclassified and offset against actual losses from operations in fiscal 2003. 

During
the second quarter of fiscal 2005, we completed the sale of the assets of
Data Destruction Services, Inc. Data Destruction for cash sale
proceeds of 3,050. This shredding
operation had been historically accounted for as a component of continuing
operations up until its sale. The
transaction required discontinued operations treatment under SFAS No. 144, therefore the operating results of Data
Destruction have been reclassified from continuing to discontinued operations
in fiscal 2003, 2004 and 2005. Also in
connection with the discontinued accounting treatment, the loss (net of tax) 

80 

from the sale amounting to 82 has
been recorded and classified as a loss on disposal of discontinued
operations. 

Other
Divestitures: 

In
April 2003, the Company sold its FCR Virginia division for consideration
of 875. The transaction resulted in a gain of 684 which is included in other
expense/(income), net. 

Effective
September 30, 2002, the Company transferred its export brokerage
operations to former employees, who had been responsible for managing that
business. Consideration for the transaction was in the form of two notes
receivable amounting to 5,460. 
Effective April 1, 2004, the Company completed the sale the export
brokerage operations for total consideration of 4,984. The gain on the sale amounted to 1,144 and
is included in other expense/(income) for fiscal year 2004. 

Impairment
Charges: 

In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2004 the Company recorded an impairment charge of
 1,663, consisting of a 404 write-down of our investment in Resource
Optimization Technology ROT ), a compost facility, which the Company transferred
at no cost to a third party in February 2005 and subsequently liquidated
the entity; a charge of 926 relating to the sale of buildings and land at its
former recycling facility in Mechanics Falls, Maine; and a charge of 333 for
the discontinued Rockingham landfill project. 

In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003, the Company recorded an impairment charge of
 4,864 to adjust the book value of the domestic brokerage and commercial
recycling business to net realizable value. 

Deferred
Costs: 

In
the second quarter of fiscal 2005, the Company recorded a charge of 295 as
deferred costs to reflect the write-off of development costs associated with
unsuccessful negotiations to operate and develop a landfill located in McKean
County, Pennsylvania. 

18. EARNINGS PER SHARE 

The
following table sets forth the numerator and denominator used in the
computation of earnings per share: 

81 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Numerator: 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

4,078 

5,392 

7,211 

Less: preferred stock dividends 

(3,094 

(3,252 

(3,338 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle available to common stockholders 

984 

2,140 

3,873 

Denominator: 

Number of shares outstanding, end of
 period: 

Class A common stock 

22,769 

23,496 

23,860 

Class B common stock 

988 

988 

988 

Effect of weighted average shares
 outstanding during period 

(41 

(482 

(169 

Weighted average number of common shares
 used in basic EPS 

23,716 

24,002 

24,679 

Impact of potentially dilutive securities: 

Dilutive effect of options, warrants and
 contingent stock 

188 

443 

514 

Weighted average number of common shares
 used in diluted EPS 

23,904 

24,445 

25,193 

For
the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005, 8,408, 6,513 and
6,079, respectively, of potentially dilutive common stock related to options,
warrants and redeemable convertible preferred stock, respectively, were
excluded from the calculation of dilutive shares since the inclusion of such
shares would be anti-dilutive. 

19. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

(a) Services 

During
fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005, the Company retained the
services of a related party, a company wholly owned by two of the Company s
major stockholders and members of the Board of Directors (one of whom is also
an officer), as a contractor in developing or closing certain landfills owned
by the Company. Total purchased services charged to operations or capitalized
to landfills for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 were
 1,525, 5,759 and 9,193, respectively, of which 499 and 388 were
outstanding and included in accounts payable at April 30, 2004 and 2005,
respectively. 

(b) Leases 

On
August 1, 1993, the Company entered into two leases for operating
facilities with a partnership in which two of the Company s major stockholders
and members of the Board of Directors (one of whom is also an officer) are the
general partners. The leases are classified as capital leases in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The leases call for monthly payments
of approximately 22 and expire in April 2008. Total expense charged to
operations for fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 under
these agreements was 196, 255 and 275, respectively. 

(c) Landfill Post-closure 

The
Company has agreed to pay the cost of post-closure on a landfill owned by
certain principal shareholders. The Company paid the cost of closing this
landfill in 1992, and the post-closure maintenance obligations are expected to
last until 2012. In the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005,
the Company paid 8, 9 and 8 respectively, pursuant to this agreement. As of April 30,
2004 and 2005, the Company has accrued 106 and 53 respectively, for costs
associated with its post-closure obligations. 

(d) Transfer Station Lease 

In
June 1994, the Company entered into a transfer station lease for a term of
10 years. The transfer station was 

82 

owned by a current member of
the Company s Board of Directors, who became a director upon the execution of
the lease. Under the terms of the lease the Company agreed to pay monthly rent
for the first five years at a rate of five dollars per ton of waste disposed of
at the transfer station, with a minimum rent of 7 per month. In June 1999,
the monthly rent was lowered to a rate of two dollars per ton of waste
disposed, with a minimum rent of 3 per month. Total lease payments for the
fiscal years ended April 30, 2003 and 2004 were 55 and 35,
respectively. In October 2003, the
Company agreed to assume the post-closure obligations at an adjacent closed
landfill owned by the same member of the Company s Board of Directors in
exchange for ownership of the transfer station and closed landfill site and
termination of the lease and rental obligations. 

(e) Employee Loans 

As
of April 30, 2004 and 2005, the Company has recourse loans to officers and
employees outstanding in the amount of 1,015 and 1,004, respectively. The
interest on these notes is payable upon demand by the Company. The notes have
no fixed repayment terms. Interest is at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate
(6.00 at April 30, 2005). Non current assets includes notes from officers
consisting of 1,016 and 916 at April 30, 2004 and 2005, respectively. Current assets include receivables associated
with loans to employees of the Company amounting to 89 and 88 at April 30,
2004 and 2005, respectively. 

(f) Commodity Sales 

The
Company sells recycled paper products to its equity method investee,
GreenFiber. Revenue from sales to GreenFiber amounted to 3,375, 3,071 and 3,560
for fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005, respectively. 

20. SEGMENT REPORTING 

SFAS
No. 131, Disclosures about Segments of
an Enterprise and Related Information , establishes standards for
reporting information about operating segments in financial statements. In
general, SFAS No. 131 requires that business entities report selected
information about operating segments in a manner consistent with that used for
internal management reporting. 

The
Company classifies its operations into North Eastern region, South Eastern
region, Central region, Western region and FCR Recycling. The Company s
revenues in the North Eastern region, South Eastern region, Central region and
Western region segments are derived mainly from one industry segment, which
includes the collection, transfer, recycling and disposal of non-hazardous
solid waste. The North Eastern region also includes Maine Energy, which
generates electricity from non-hazardous solid waste. The Company s revenues in
the FCR Recycling segment are derived from integrated waste handling services,
including processing and recycling of paper, cardboard, metals, aluminum,
plastics and glass and brokerage of recycled materials. Ancillary operations,
major customer accounts and earnings from equity method investees, are included
in Other. 

83 

North Eastern 

South Eastern 

Central 

Western 

FCR 

region 

region 

region 

region 

Recycling 

Year Ended April 30, 2003 

Outside revenues 

76,903 

76,415 

90,524 

68,451 

92,981 

Inter-segment revenues 

21,771 

17,673 

43,253 

13,740 

22,447 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

1,624 

(7,878 

18,445 

2,521 

(2,259 

Depreciation and amortization 

16,724 

5,982 

11,531 

8,204 

3,375 

Interest expense (net) 

3,642 

6,455 

(204 

6,811 

10,233 

Capital expenditures 

9,234 

6,966 

9,734 

9,874 

4,900 

Goodwill 

26,617 

30,117 

25,485 

49,847 

27,616 

Total assets 

149,302 

89,268 

107,694 

110,045 

64,989 

Other 

Eliminations 

Total 

Year Ended April 30, 2003 

Outside revenues 

14,244 

419,518 

Inter-segment revenues 

1 

(118,885 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

(8,375 

4,078 

Depreciation and amortization 

2,063 

47,879 

Interest expense (net) 

(901 

26,036 

Capital expenditures 

1,217 

41,925 

Goodwill 

159,682 

Total assets 

81,398 

602,696 

North Eastern 

South Eastern 

Central 

Western 

FCR 

region 

region 

region 

region 

Recycling 

Year Ended April 30, 2004 

Outside revenues 

82,658 

84,713 

100,789 

77,669 

75,366 

Inter-segment revenues 

24,361 

26,370 

48,458 

15,930 

3,635 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

2,422 

(14,616 

18,208 

1,178 

5,247 

Depreciation and amortization 

17,747 

13,239 

12,778 

9,899 

3,910 

Interest expense (net) 

3,741 

9,079 

(639 

7,357 

4,313 

Capital expenditures 

12,795 

12,921 

14,410 

13,771 

2,769 

Goodwill 

25,770 

30,490 

28,684 

50,918 

21,368 

Total assets 

169,412 

129,163 

114,630 

122,109 

59,457 

Other 

Eliminations 

Total 

Year Ended April 30, 2004 

Outside revenues 

16,766 

437,961 

Inter-segment revenues 

(118,754 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

(7,047 

5,392 

Depreciation and amortization 

2,023 

59,596 

Interest expense (net) 

1,398 

25,249 

Capital expenditures 

1,669 

58,335 

Goodwill 

157,230 

Total assets 

76,161 

670,932 

84 

North Eastern 

South Eastern 

Central 

Western 

FCR 

region 

region 

region 

region 

Recycling 

Year Ended April 30, 2005 

Outside revenues 

93,439 

89,176 

108,700 

92,684 

82,009 

Inter-segment revenues 

24,383 

28,963 

53,527 

21,271 

462 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

1,322 

(19,038 

19,288 

4,354 

9,860 

Depreciation and amortization 

18,059 

14,141 

14,855 

12,999 

3,723 

Interest expense (net) 

5,241 

12,756 

(1,738 

8,560 

2,782 

Capital expenditures 

14,707 

11,206 

21,087 

22,323 

9,325 

Goodwill 

25,340 

31,645 

30,158 

53,450 

16,899 

Total assets 

172,427 

135,364 

125,592 

149,317 

60,000 

Other 

Eliminations 

Total 

Year Ended April 30, 2005 

Outside revenues 

15,956 

481,964 

Inter-segment revenues 

2 

(128,608 

Income from continuing operations before
 discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

(8,575 

7,211 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,860 

65,637 

Interest expense (net) 

1,789 

29,390 

Capital expenditures 

1,416 

80,064 

Goodwill 

157,492 

Total assets 

69,754 

712,454 

Amounts
of our total revenue attributable to services provided are as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 (1) 

2004 (1) 

2005 

Collection 

208,896 

226,840 

237,877 

Landfill / disposal facilities 

60,039 

69,639 

80,132 

Transfer 

35,060 

38,830 

41,862 

Recycling 

78,465 

99,362 

122,093 

Brokerage 

37,058 

3,290 

Total 

419,518 

437,961 

481,964 

(1) Revenue attributable to services provided in
fiscal years ended April 30, 2003 and 2004 have been revised to conform
with the classification of revenue attributable to services provided in the
current fiscal year. 

21. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 

The
following is a summary of certain items in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations by quarter for fiscal years ended April 30, 2004 and 2005. 

85 

Fiscal Year 2004 

First 
 Quarter (1) 

Second 
 Quarter (1) 

Third 
 Quarter (1) 

Fourth 
 Quarter (1) 

Revenues 

113,449 

111,548 

104,144 

108,820 

Operating income 

10,321 

10,169 

7,362 

4,855 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

3,465 

5,704 

1,486 

(5,263 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders 

5,396 

4,886 

672 

(6,101 

Income per common share: 

Basic: 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

0.11 

0.20 

0.03 

(0.25 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders 

0.22 

0.20 

0.03 

(0.25 

Diluted: 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

0.11 

0.20 

0.03 

(0.25 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders 

0.22 

0.20 

0.03 

(0.25 

Fiscal Year 2005 

First 
 Quarter (1) 

Second 
 Quarter 

Third 
 Quarter 

Fourth 
 Quarter 

Revenues 

123,672 

126,381 

116,080 

115,831 

Operating income 

12,657 

12,756 

7,570 

8,450 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

2,762 

3,485 

1,397 

(433 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders 

2,005 

2,562 

568 

(1,204 

Income per common share: 

Basic: 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

0.08 

0.11 

0.02 

(0.05 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

0.08 

0.10 

0.02 

(0.05 

Diluted: 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

0.08 

0.11 

0.02 

(0.05 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders 

0.08 

0.10 

0.02 

(0.05 

(1) The Company divested the assets of Data
Destruction during the quarter ended October 31, 2004. The transaction required discontinued
operations treatment under SFAS No. 144, therefore the operating results
of Data Destruction have been reclassified from continuing to discontinued
operations for fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 and the
above quarterly summary data has been revised from amounts previously reported. 

22. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The
senior subordinated notes are guaranteed jointly and severally, fully and
unconditionally by the Company s significant wholly-owned subsidiaries. The
Parent is the issuer and non-guarantor of the senior subordinated notes. The
information which follows presents the condensed consolidating financial
position as of April 30, 2004 and 2005; the condensed consolidating
results of operations for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and
2005; and the condensed consolidating statements of cash flows for the fiscal years
ended April 30, 2003, 2004 and 2005 of (a) the Parent company only, (b) the
combined guarantors the Guarantors ), each of which is 100 wholly-owned by
the Parent, (c) the combined non-guarantors the Non-Guarantors ), (d) eliminating
entries and (e) the Company on a consolidated basis. 

86 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 

 AS OF APRIL 30, 2004 

 (In thousands, except for share and per share data) 

ASSETS 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non- 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

7,805 

(196 

398 

8,007 

Restricted Cash 

121 

8 

129 

Accounts receivable - trade, net of
 allowance for doubtful accounts 

83 

48,096 

1,283 

49,462 

Refundable income taxes 

623 

623 

Inventory 

1,848 

1,848 

Other current assets 

5,301 

3,982 

949 

(797 

9,435 

Total current assets 

13,812 

53,851 

2,638 

(797 

69,504 

Property, plant and equipment, net of
 accumulated depreciation and amortization 

2,764 

367,589 

1,685 

372,038 

Intangible assets, net 

157,230 

157,230 

Deferred income taxes 

286 

286 

Investments in subsidiaries 

(35,115 

35,115 

Assets under contractual obligation 

2,148 

2,148 

Other non-current assets 

25,970 

35,725 

12,410 

(4,379 

69,726 

(6,095 

562,692 

14,095 

30,736 

601,428 

Intercompany receivable 

553,154 

(555,465 

(2,069 

4,380 

560,871 

61,078 

14,664 

34,319 

670,932 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non - 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Current maturities of long term debt 

1,500 

1,942 

2,100 

5,542 

Accounts payable 

1,780 

37,516 

738 

40,034 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

1,405 

5,982 

38 

7,425 

Accrued interest 

6,022 

2 

6,024 

Accrued closure and post-closure costs,
 current portion 

1,928 

543 

2,471 

Other current liabilities 

3,382 

12,372 

10,918 

(797 

25,875 

Total current liabilities 

14,089 

59,742 

14,337 

(797 

87,371 

Long-term debt, less current maturities 

347,957 

1,206 

349,163 

Other long-term liabilities 

1,694 

32,860 

2,713 

37,267 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Series A redeemable, convertible
 preferred stock, 55,750 shares authorized, issued and outstanding,
 liquidation preference of 1,000 per share plus accrued but unpaid dividends 

67,076 

67,076 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Class A common stock - 

Authorized - 100,000,000 shares, 0.01 par
 value issued and outstanding - 23,496,000 shares 

235 

101 

100 

(201 

235 

Class B common stock - 

Authorized - 1,000,000 shares, 0.01 par
 value 10 votes per share, issued and outstanding - 988,000 shares 

10 

10 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

408 

1,933 

(1,933 

408 

Additional paid-in capital 

272,993 

48,270 

2,595 

(50,865 

272,993 

Accumulated deficit 

(143,591 

(83,034 

(5,081 

88,115 

(143,591 

Total stockholders equity 

130,055 

(32,730 

(2,386 

35,116 

130,055 

560,871 

61,078 

14,664 

34,319 

670,932 

87 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET 

 AS OF APRIL 30, 2005 

 (In thousands, except for share and per share data) 

ASSETS 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non- 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

(2,383 

10,146 

815 

8,578 

Restricted cash 

70 

70 

Accounts receivable - trade, net of
 allowance for doubtful accounts 

76 

50,998 

652 

51,726 

Refundable income taxes 

874 

874 

Inventory 

2,538 

2,538 

Other current assets 

596 

4,161 

840 

5,597 

Total current assets 

(837 

67,913 

2,307 

69,383 

Property, plant and equipment, net of
 accumulated depreciation and amortization 

2,928 

411,506 

(1,681 

412,753 

Intangible assets, net 

157,492 

157,492 

Deferred income taxes 

3,155 

3,155 

Investment in subsidiaries 

(18,424 

18,424 

Assets under contractual obligation 

1,392 

1,392 

Other non-current assets 

25,430 

36,287 

10,941 

(4,379 

68,279 

13,089 

606,677 

9,260 

14,045 

643,071 

Intercompany receivable 

587,569 

(589,512 

(2,436 

4,379 

599,821 

85,078 

9,131 

18,424 

712,454 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non - 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Current maturities of long term debt 

281 

281 

Accounts payable 

1,425 

44,654 

28 

46,107 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

2,243 

7,320 

125 

9,688 

Accrued interest 

4,816 

2 

4,818 

Deferred income taxes 

1,419 

1,419 

Accrued closure and post-closure costs,
 current portion 

4,748 

542 

5,290 

Other current liabilities 

3,975 

10,474 

10,702 

25,151 

Total current liabilities 

13,878 

67,479 

11,397 

92,754 

Long-term debt, less current maturities 

377,760 

676 

378,436 

Other long-term liabilities 

1,437 

30,085 

2,996 

34,518 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Series A redeemable, convertible
 preferred stock, authorized - 55,750, issued and outstanding - 53,750,
 liquidation preference of 1,000 per share plus accrued but unpaid dividends 

67,964 

67,964 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Class A common stock - 

Authorized - 100,000,000 shares, 0.01 par
 value; issued and outstanding - 23,860,000 shares 

239 

101 

100 

(201 

239 

Class B common stock - 

Authorized - 1,000,000 shares, 0.01 par
 value, 10 votes per share, issued and outstanding - 988,000 shares 

10 

10 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

767 

1,276 

(53 

(1,223 

767 

Additional paid-in capital 

274,088 

48,035 

2,596 

(50,631 

274,088 

Accumulated deficit 

(136,322 

(62,574 

(7,905 

70,479 

(136,322 

Total stockholders equity 

138,782 

(13,162 

(5,262 

18,424 

138,782 

599,821 

85,078 

9,131 

18,424 

712,454 

88 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 

 (In thousands) 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non - 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

415,432 

13,949 

(9,863 

419,518 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of operations 

(926 

274,979 

13,389 

(9,863 

277,579 

General and administration 

(3 

54,887 

548 

55,432 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,812 

43,798 

2,269 

47,879 

Impairment charge 

400 

4,464 

4,864 

1,283 

378,128 

16,206 

(9,863 

385,754 

Operating income (loss) 

(1,283 

37,304 

(2,257 

33,764 

Other expense/(income), net: 

Interest income 

(27,864 

(3,398 

(160 

31,104 

(318 

Interest expense 

26,826 

30,232 

400 

(31,104 

26,354 

(Income) loss from equity method
 investments 

50,265 

(2,073 

(50,265 

(2,073 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

3,649 

3,649 

Minority interest 

(152 

(152 

Other (income)/expense, net 

1,420 

(2,536 

(483 

(1,599 

Other expense/(income), net 

54,296 

22,225 

(395 

(50,265 

25,861 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before income taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change
 in accounting principle 

(55,579 

15,079 

(1,862 

50,265 

7,903 

(Benefit) provision for income taxes 

4,229 

(404 

3,825 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before dicontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

(59,808 

15,079 

(1,458 

50,265 

4,078 

Reclassification adjustment from
 discontinued operations, net 

50 

50 

Loss on discontinued operations 

(20 

(20 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle, net 

(63,916 

(63,916 

Net (loss) income 

(59,808 

(48,807 

(1,458 

50,265 

(59,808 

Preferred stock dividend 

3,094 

3,094 

Net (loss) income available to common
 stockholders 

(62,902 

(48,807 

(1,458 

50,265 

(62,902 

89 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2004 

 (In thousands) 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non - 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

430,952 

16,849 

(9,840 

437,961 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of operations 

(935 

282,437 

14,166 

(9,840 

285,828 

General and administration 

67 

57,193 

907 

58,167 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,793 

51,524 

6,279 

59,596 

Impairment Charge 

925 

738 

1,663 

925 

392,079 

22,090 

(9,840 

405,254 

Operating income (loss) 

(925 

38,873 

(5,241 

32,707 

Other expense/(income), net: 

Interest income 

(24,587 

(1,363 

(97 

25,796 

(251 

Interest expense 

25,745 

25,363 

188 

(25,796 

25,500 

(Income) loss from equity method
 investments 

(8,715 

(2,261 

8,715 

(2,261 

Other expense/(income), net: 

(289 

6,338 

(100 

5,949 

Other expense/(income), net 

(7,846 

28,077 

(9 

8,715 

28,937 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before income taxes, discontinued operations and cumulative effect of of
 change in accounting principle 

6,921 

10,796 

(5,232 

(8,715 

3,770 

(Benefit) provision for income taxes 

(1,184 

(438 

(1,622 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before discontinued operations and cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle 

8,105 

10,796 

(4,794 

(8,715 

5,392 

Loss from discontinued operations, net 

(10 

(10 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
 principle, net 

2,518 

205 

2,723 

Net income (loss) 

8,105 

13,304 

(4,589 

(8,715 

8,105 

Preferred stock dividend 

3,252 

3,252 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders 

4,853 

13,304 

(4,589 

(8,715 

4,853 

90 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2005 

 (In thousands) 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non - 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

477,401 

14,429 

(9,866 

481,964 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of operations 

(187 

310,144 

10,830 

(9,866 

310,921 

General and administration 

506 

62,095 

1,077 

63,678 

Depreciation and amortization 

1,621 

58,642 

5,374 

65,637 

Impairment charge 

295 

295 

1,940 

431,176 

17,281 

(9,866 

440,531 

Operating income (loss) 

(1,940 

46,225 

(2,852 

41,433 

Other expense/(income), net: 

Interest income 

(29,044 

(116 

(325 

29,032 

(453 

Interest expense 

30,812 

27,932 

132 

(29,032 

29,844 

(Income) loss from equity method
 investments 

(17,841 

(2,883 

17,841 

(2,883 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

1,716 

1,716 

Other expense/(income), net: 

(411 

686 

(2 

273 

Other expense/(income), net 

(14,768 

25,619 

(195 

17,841 

28,497 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before income taxes and discontinued operations 

12,828 

20,606 

(2,657 

(17,841 

12,936 

Provision for income taxes 

5,559 

166 

5,725 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
 before discontinued operations 

7,269 

20,606 

(2,823 

(17,841 

7,211 

Discontinued operations: 

Income from discontinued operations, net 

140 

140 

Loss on disposal of discontinued
 operations, net 

(82 

(82 

Net income (loss) 

7,269 

20,664 

(2,823 

(17,841 

7,269 

Preferred stock dividend 

3,338 

3,338 

Net income (loss) available to common
 stockholders 

3,931 

20,664 

(2,823 

(17,841 

3,931 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 

 (In thousands) 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non- 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating
 Activities 

3,947 

63,696 

2,534 

(3,225 

66,952 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(18,068 

(18,068 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

(369 

(39,509 

(2,047 

(41,925 

(Advances to) proceeds from unconsolidated
 entities 

(5,329 

27 

(5,302 

Other 

2,087 

2,087 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

(5,698 

(55,463 

(2,047 

(63,208 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

376,737 

2,541 

1,243 

380,521 

Principal payments on long-term debt 

(354,558 

(5,902 

(1,445 

(361,905 

Deferred financing costs 

(11,466 

(11,466 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

460 

460 

Intercompany borrowings 

1,126 

(2,531 

(1,820 

3,225 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing
 Activities 

12,299 

(5,892 

(2,022 

3,225 

7,610 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents 

10,548 

2,341 

(1,535 

11,354 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of
 period 

(2,289 

4,274 

2,313 

4,298 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

8,259 

6,615 

778 

15,652 

91 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2004 

 (In thousands) 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non- 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

1,560 

64,602 

3,736 

69,898 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(31,947 

(31,947 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

- growth 

(10,271 

(10,271 

- maintenance 

(1,561 

(43,762 

(2,741 

(48,064 

Payments on landfill operating lease
 contracts 

(32,223 

(32,223 

Proceeds from divestitures 

4,984 

4,984 

Advances to unconsolidated entities 

(7,332 

(7,332 

Other 

1,195 

1,195 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

(8,893 

(112,024 

(2,741 

(123,658 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

193,285 

2,018 

195,303 

Principal payments on long-term debt 

(146,626 

(2,667 

(1,269 

(150,562 

Deferred financing costs 

(2,632 

(2,632 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

4,006 

4,006 

Intercompany borrowings 

(47,164 

47,270 

(106 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing
 Activities 

869 

46,621 

(1,375 

46,115 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

(6,464 

(801 

(380 

(7,645 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of
 period 

8,259 

6,615 

778 

15,652 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

1,795 

5,814 

398 

8,007 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2005 

 (In thousands) 

Parent 

Guarantors 

Non- 
 Guarantors 

Elimination 

Consolidated 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating
 Activities 

(1,325 

81,571 

2,788 

83,034 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

(9,513 

(9,513 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

- growth 

(24,723 

(24,723 

- maintenance 

(1,314 

(52,947 

(1,080 

(55,341 

Payments on landfill operating lease
 contracts 

(20,276 

(20,276 

Proceeds from divestitures 

3,050 

3,050 

Other 

3,048 

3,048 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

(1,314 

(101,361 

(1,080 

(103,755 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

318,900 

318,900 

Principal payments on long-term debt 

(290,668 

(4,214 

(1,328 

(296,210 

Deferred financing costs 

(3,051 

(3,051 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

1,653 

1,653 

Intercompany borrowings 

(28,373 

28,336 

37 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing
 Activities 

(1,539 

24,122 

(1,291 

21,292 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents 

(4,178 

4,332 

417 

571 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of
 period 

1,795 

5,814 

398 

8,007 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

(2,383 

10,146 

815 

8,578 

92 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s
management, with the participation of the Company s chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures as of April 30, 2005. The term disclosure controls and procedures, 
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Management recognizes that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management
necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. Based
on the evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of April 30,
2005, the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer
concluded that, as of such date, the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The Company s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company s management assessed the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of April 30,
2005. In making this assessment, the
Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Based on our assessment,
management concluded that, as of April 30, 2005, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. The Company s management assessment of the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of April 30,
2005 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, an independent registered
accounting firm, as stated in their report included in Item 8 of this annual
report on Form 10-K. 

Changes
in Internal Control 

No change in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the
fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2005 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

93 

PART III 

Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III (except for information
required with respect to executive officers of the Company which is set forth
under Executive Officers and Other Key Employees of the Company in Item 1 of Part I
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and with respect to equity compensation
plan information which is set forth under Equity Compensation Plan Information 
below) have been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, since the
Company expects to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, not later
than 120 days after the close of its fiscal year, a definitive proxy
statement. The information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which will appear in the definitive proxy
statement, is incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table shows information about the securities authorized
for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of April 30,
2005: 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan
 Category 

Number of securities to be 
 issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options and 
 warrants (1) 

Weighted-average exercise 
 price of outstanding 
 options 
 and warrants 

Number of securities remaining 
 available for future issuance 
 under equity compensation 
 plans (excluding securities 
 reflected in column (a)) (2) 

Equity compensation plans approved by
 security holders 

3,379,627 

12.93 

1,866,248 

(3) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by
 security holders 

(1) This
table excludes an aggregate of 36,073 shares issuable upon exercise of
outstanding options assumed by the Company in connection with its acquisition
of KTI, Inc. The weighted average exercise price of the excluded options
is 21.52 

(2) In
addition to being available for future issuance upon exercise of options that
may be granted after April 30, 2005, 1,390,056 shares under the Company s
Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, of the 1,866,248 reflected in
column (c), may instead be issued in the form of restricted stock or other
equity-based awards. 

(3) Includes
437,692 shares issuable under the Company s 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

94 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) 

Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8: 

Report of Independent Public Accountants 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2004 and 2005 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for
 the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004, and 2005. 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years
 ended April 30 2003, 2004, and 2005. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
 the fiscal years ended April 30, 2003, 2004, and 2005. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules: 

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying
 Accounts 

(a)(3) 

Exhibits: 

The Exhibits that are filed as part of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K or that are incorporated by reference herein are set forth in
 the Exhibit Index hereto. 

(b) 

The Exhibits that are filed as part of this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K or that are incorporated by reference herein are set forth in
 the Exhibit Index hereto. 

(c) 

The Exhibits that are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form
 10-K are set forth in the Exhibit Index hereto. 

95 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. 

Dated: June 28, 2005 

/s/ John W. Casella 

John W. Casella 

By: 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ John W. Casella 

Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive 

June 28, 2005 

John W. Casella 

Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

s/ James W. Bohlig 

June 28, 2005 

James W. Bohlig 

President and Chief Operating Officer, Director 

/s/ Richard A. Norris 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal 

June 28, 2005 

Richard A. Norris 

Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Douglas R. Casella 

June 28, 2005 

Douglas R. Casella 

Director 

/s/ John F. Chapple III 

June 28, 2005 

John F. Chapple III 

Director 

/s/ Gregory B. Peters 

June 28, 2005 

Gregory B. Peters 

Director 

/s/ James F. Callahan, Jr. 

June 28, 2005 

James F. Callahan, Jr. 

Director 

/s/ D. Randolph Peeler 

June 28, 2005 

D. Randolph Peeler 

Director 

/s/ Joseph G. Doody 

June 28, 2005 

Joseph G. Doody 

Director 

96 

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
of Casella Waste Systems, Inc.: 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements, of
management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting and of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
referred to in our report dated June , 2005 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
also included an audit of the financial statement schedule listed in Item
15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. In
our opinion, this financial statement schedule presents fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction
with the related consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

Boston, Massachusetts 

June 27, 2005 

97 

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Schedule II 

 Valuation Accounts 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

 (in thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Balance at beginning of period 

821 

895 

583 

Additions - Charged to expense 

798 

1,524 

1,115 

Deductions - Bad debts written off, net of
 recoveries (1) 

(724 

(1,836 

(991 

Balance at end of period 

895 

583 

707 

(1) Compared to fiscal year 2003, bad debt expense increased in
fiscal year 2004 mainly due to several large customer bankruptcies, as well as
poorer than anticipated collection experience from three recently acquired
businesses 

Restructuring 

 (in thousands) 

Fiscal year Ended April 30, 

2003 

2004 

2005 

Balance at beginning of period 

37 

Additions - Charged to expense 

Deductions - Amounts paid 

(37 

Balance at end of period 

98 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 

Description 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 12, 1999 and as
 amended by Amendments No. 1, 2 and 3 thereto, among Casella Waste
 Systems, Inc. Casella ), KTI, Inc. KTI and Rutland
 Acquisition Sub, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to
 the registration statement on Form S-4 as filed November 12, 1999
 (file no. 333-90913)). 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Casella
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registration
 statement on Form S-8 of Casella as filed November 18, 1998 (file
 no. 333-67487)). 

3.3 

Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of Casella (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of
 Casella as filed August 18, 2000 (file no. 000-23211)). 

4.1 

Form of stock certificate of Casella Class A common stock
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to Amendment No. 2
 to the registration statement on Form S-1 of Casella as filed
 October 9, 1997 (file no. 333-33135)). 

4.2 

Certificate of Designation creating Series A Convertible
 Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
 current report on Form 8-K of Casella as filed August 18, 2000
 (file no. 000-23211)). 

4.3 

Indenture, dated January 24, 2003, by and among Casella Waste
 Systems, Inc., the Guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National
 Association, as Trustee, relating to the 9.75 Senior Subordinated Notes due
 2013, including the form of 9.75 Senior Subordinated Note (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K of
 Casella as filed January 24, 2003 (file no. 000-23211)). 

4.4 

Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 21, 2003,
 by and among Casella Waste Systems, Inc., the Guarantors listed therein
 and Purchasers listed therein, relating to the 9.75 Senior Subordinated
 Notes due 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the
 registration statement on Form S-4 of Casella as filed on
 February 11, 2003 (file no. 333-103106)). 

10.1 

1993 Incentive Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the registration statement on Form S-1 of Casella
 as filed August 7, 1997 (file no. 333-33135)). 

10.2 

1994 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the registration statement on Form S-1 of
 Casella as filed August 7, 1997 (file no. 333-33135)). 

10.3 

1996 Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to the registration statement on Form S-1 of Casella
 as filed August 7, 1997 (file no. 333-33135)). 

10.4 

1997 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement
 on Form S-1 of Casella as filed September 24, 1997 (file no.
 333-33135)). 

10.5 

Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein
 by reference to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of
 Casella as filed September 21, 1998). 

10.6 

1995 Registration Rights Agreement between Casella and the
 stockholders who are a party thereto, dated as of December 22, 1995
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registration
 statement on Form S-1 of Casella as filed August 7, 1997 (file no.
 333-33135)). 

10.7 

Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of Casella granted to John W.
 Casella, dated as of July 26, 1993 (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on
 Form S-1 of Casella as filed September 24, 1997 (file no.
 333-33135)). 

10.8 

Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of Casella granted to Douglas R.
 Casella, dated as of July 26, 1993 (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on
 Form S-1 of Casella as filed September 24, 1997 (file no.
 333-33135)). 

10.9 

Lease Agreement, as Amended, between Casella Associates and Casella
 Waste Management, Inc., dated December 9, 1994 (Rutland lease)
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the registration
 statement on Form S-1 of Casella as filed August 7, 1997 (file no.
 333-33135)). 

10.10 

Lease Agreement, as Amended, between Casella Associates and Casella
 Waste Management, Inc., dated December 9, 1994 (Montpelier lease)
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the registration
 statement on Form S-1 of Casella as filed August 7, 1997 (file no.
 333-33135)). 

99 

10.11 

Lease, Operations and Maintenance Agreement between CV Landfill, Inc.
 and the Registrant dated June 30, 1994 (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.20 to the registration statement on Form S-1 of
 Casella as filed August 7, 1997 (file no. 333-33135)). 

10.12 

Restated Operation and Management Agreement by and between Clinton
 County (N.Y.) and the Registrant dated September 9, 1996 (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the registration statement on Form S-1
 of Casella as filed August 7, 1997 (file no. 333-33135)). 

10.13 

Labor Utilization Agreement by and between Clinton County (N.Y.) and
 the Registrant dated August 7, 1996 (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.22 to the registration statement on Form S-1 of Casella
 as filed August 7, 1997 (file no. 333-33135)). 

10.14 

Lease and Option Agreement by and between Waste U.S.A., Inc. and
 New England Waste Services of Vermont, Inc., dated December 14,
 1995 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the
 registration statement on Form S-1 of Casella as filed August 7,
 1997 (file no. 333-33135)). 

10.15 

Amendment No. 2 to Lease Agreement, by and between Casella
 Associates and Casella Waste Management, Inc., dated as of November 20,
 1997 (Rutland lease). (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25
 to the registration statement on Form S-1 of Casella as filed on June 25,
 1998 (file no. 333-57745)). 

10.16 

Amendment No. 1 to Stock Option Agreement, dated as of May 12,
 1999, by and between KTI, Inc. and the Registrant (incorporated herein
 by reference to the current report on Form 8-K of Casella as filed May 13,
 1999 (file no.000-23211)). 

10.17 

Power Purchase Agreement between Maine Energy Recovery Company and
 Central Maine Power Company dated January 12, 1984, as amended
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registration
 statement on Form S-4 of KTI as filed October 18, 1994 (file no. 33-85234)). 

10.18 

Host Municipalities Waste Handling Agreement among Biddeford-Saco
 Solid Waste Committee, City of Biddeford, City of Saco and Maine Energy
 Recovery Company dated June 7, 1991 (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.10 to the registration statement on Form S-4 of KTI as
 filed October 18, 1994 (file no. 33-85234)). 

10.19 

Form of Maine Energy Recovery Company Waste Handling Agreement (Town
 of North Berwick) dated June 7, 1991 and Schedule of Substantially
 Identical Waste Disposal Agreements (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11
 to the registration statement on Form S-4 of KTI as filed October 18,
 1994 (file no. 33-85234)). 

10.20 

Third Amendment to Power Purchase Agreement between Maine Energy
 Recovery Company, L.P. and Central Maine Power Company dated November 6,
 1995. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the
 registration statement on Form S-4 as filed November 12, 1999 (file
 no. 333-90913)). 

10.21 

Non-Exclusive License to Use Technology between KTI and Oakhurst
 Technology, Inc. dated December 29, 1998 (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the current report on Form 8-K of KTI
 as filed January 15, 1999 (file no. 000-25490)). 

10.22 

Management Compensation Agreement between Casella Waste Systems, Inc.
 and John W. Casella dated December 8, 1999 (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the annual report on Form 10-K of
 Casella as filed August 4, 2000 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.23 

Management Compensation Agreement between Casella Waste Systems, Inc.
 and James W. Bohlig dated December 8, 1999 (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the annual report on Form 10-K of Casella
 as filed August 4, 2000 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.24 

Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2000,
 by and among the Company and the Purchasers identified therein (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K
 of Casella as filed August 18, 2000 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.25 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2000, by
 and among the Company and the Purchasers identified therein (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K
 of Casella as filed August 18, 2000 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.26 

KTI, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Incentive Award Plan (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit (d)(3) to the Schedule TO of
 Casella as filed July 2, 2001 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.27 

KTI, Inc. Non-Plan Stock Option Terms and Conditions
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit (d)(4) to the Schedule TO
 of Casella as filed July 2, 2001 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.28 

Management Compensation Agreement between Casella Waste Systems, Inc.
 and Charles E. Leonard dated June 18, 2001 (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the annual report on Form 10-K of
 Casella as filed on July 12, 2002 (file no. 000-23211)). 

100 

10.29 

Management Compensation Agreement between Casella Waste
 Systems, Inc. and Richard Norris dated July 20, 2001 (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the annual report on
 Form 10-K of Casella as filed on July 12, 2002 (file
 no. 000-23211)). 

10.30 

US GreenFiber LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated
 June 26, 2000, between U.S. Fiber, Inc. and Greenstone
 Industries, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41
 to the annual report on Form 10-K of Casella as filed on July 12,
 2002 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.31 

Purchase Agreement, dated August 17, 2001, by and among Crumb
 Rubber Investors Co., LLC, Casella Waste Systems, Inc. and KTI
 Environmental Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.42 to the annual report on Form 10-K of Casella as filed
 on July 12, 2002 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.32 

Purchase Agreement, dated August 17, 2001, by and among New
 Heights Holding Corporation, KTI, Inc., KTI Operations, Inc. and
 Casella Waste Systems, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.43 to the annual report on Form 10-K of Casella as filed
 on July 12, 2002 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.33 

Form of Non-Plan Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement as issued
 by Casella Waste Systems, Inc. to certain individuals as of May 25,
 1994 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the annual
 report on Form 10-K of Casella as filed on July 12, 2002 (file
 no. 000-23211)). 

10.34 

Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement,
 dated January 24, 2003, by and among Casella Waste Systems, Inc.
 and its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries), the lending
 institutions party thereto and Fleet National Bank, individually and as
 administrative agent, and Bank of America, N.A., individually and as
 syndication agent, with Fleet Securities, Inc. and Banc of American
 Securities LLC acting as Co-Arrangers (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Casella Waste
 Systems Inc. as filed September 12, 2003 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.35 

Construction, Operation and Management Agreement between New England
 Waste Services of Massachusetts, Inc. and the Town of Templeton,
 Massachusetts (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the
 annual report on Form 10-K of Casella as filed on July 24, 2003
 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.36 

Amendment No. 1 and Release to Second Amended and Restated
 Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.36 to the annual report on Form 10-K of Casella as filed
 on July 24, 2003 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.37 

Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
 and Term Loan Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
 the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Casella Waste Systems, Inc. as
 filed on September 12, 2003 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.38 

Amendment No. 3 and Consent to Certain Acquisitions to Second
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registration statement on
 Form S-4 of Casella Waste Systems, Inc. as filed on
 February 20, 2004 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.39 

Joinder Agreement to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and
 Term Loan Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to
 the registration statement on Form S-4 of Casella Waste
 Systems, Inc. as filed on February 20, 2004 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.40 

Amendment No. 4 to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
 and Term Loan Agreement. (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.40 to the annual report on Form 10-K of Casella as filed
 on June 25, 2004 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.41 

Summary of compensatory arrangements including cash bonus
 arrangement, and salaries and other compensatory terms for executive officers
 (incorporated herein by reference to the current report on Form 8-K of Casella
 as filed on June 21, 2005 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.42 

Summary of compensating arrangements for non-employee directors
 (incorporated herein by reference to the current report on Form 8-K of Casella
 as filed on March 8, 2005 (file no. 000-23211)). 

10.43 

Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated April 28,
 2005, by and among Casella Waste Systems, Inc. and its Subsidiaries
 (other than Excluded Subsidiaries), the lending institutions party thereto
 and Bank of America, N.A., individually and as administrative agent, and Bank
 of America Securities LLC, as sole arranger and sole book manager, with
 Citizens Bank, as syndication agent and Sovereign Bank, Wachovia Bank and
 Calyon New York Branch, as co-documentation agents. 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of Casella Waste Systems, Inc. 

23.1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 

23.2 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on Financial Statements of US GreenFiber,
 LLC. 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by
 Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by
 Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 

Financial Statements of US GreenFiber, LLC 

101 

<EX-10.43>
 2
 a05-11395_1ex10d43.htm
 EX-10.43

Exhibit
10.43 

Published
CUSIP Number: 14745GAD7 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Dated
as of April 28, 2005 

among 

CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS, INC. 

 and its
Subsidiaries 

 (other
than Excluded Subsidiaries and the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries) 

 as
the Borrowers, 

BANK OF
AMERICA, N.A. 
as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender 
and 
L/C Issuer, 

and 

The
Other Lenders Party Hereto 

BANC OF AMERICA SECURITIES LLC 

 as
Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager 

CITIZENS BANK 

 as
Syndication Agent 

and 

SOVEREIGN BANK 

 WACHOVIA BANK 

 and 

 CALYON NEW YORK BRANCH 

 as
Co-Documentation Agents 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Section 

AMENDED
 AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS AND
 ACCOUNTING TERMS 

1.01 

Defined
 Terms. 

1.02 

Other Interpretive
 Provisions. 

1.03 

Accounting Terms. 

1.04 

Rounding. 

1.05 

Times
 of Day. 

1.06 

Letter of Credit Amounts. 

ARTICLE II. 

THE COMMITMENTS
 AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

2.01 

Committed
 Loans. 

2.02 

Borrowings,
 Conversions and Continuations of Loans. 

2.03 

Letters of Credit. 

2.04 

Swing Line Loans. 

2.05 

Prepayments. 

2.06 

Termination
 or Reduction of Commitments. 

2.07 

Repayment of Loans. 

2.08 

Interest. 

2.09 

Fees. 

2.10 

Computation of
 Interest and Fees. 

2.11 

Evidence of Debt. 

2.12 

Payments
 Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback. 

2.13 

Sharing of
 Payments by Lenders. 

2.14 

Increase in
 Commitments; Term B Loan. 

2.15 

Currency of Account. 

ARTICLE III. 

TAXES, YIELD
 PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 

3.01 

Taxes. 

3.02 

Illegality. 

3.03 

Inability to
 Determine Rates. 

3.04 

Increased Costs. 

3.05 

Compensation for Losses. 

3.06 

Mitigation
 Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

3.07 

Survival. 

ARTICLE IV. 

CONDITIONS
 PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

4.01 

Conditions
 of Initial Credit Extension. 

4.02 

Conditions to
 all Credit Extensions. 

ARTICLE V. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND
 WARRANTIES 

5.01 

Corporate Authority. 

5.02 

Governmental Approvals. 

5.03 

Title to Properties;
 Leases. 

5.04 

Use of Proceeds. 

5.05 

Financial
 Statements; Solvency. 

5.06 

No Material Changes, Etc. 

5.07 

Permits,
 Franchises, Patents, Copyrights, Etc. 

i 

5.08 

Litigation. 

5.09 

No Materially
 Adverse Contracts, Etc. 

5.10 

Compliance
 With Other Instruments, Laws, Etc. 

5.11 

Tax Status. 

5.12 

Employee Benefit Plans. 

5.13 

Subsidiaries;
 Equity Interests; Capitalization. 

5.14 

Holding
 Company and Investment Company Act. 

5.15 

Absence of
 Financing Statements, Etc. 

5.16 

Environmental
 Compliance. 

5.17 

Perfection of
 Security Interests. 

5.18 

Certain Transactions. 

5.19 

True
 Copies of Charter and Other Documents. 

5.20 

Disclosure. 

5.21 

Guarantees of
 Excluded Subsidiaries. 

5.22 

Obligations
 Constitute Senior Debt. 

ARTICLE VI. 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

6.01 

Punctual Payment. 

6.02 

Maintenance of Office. 

6.03 

Records and Accounts. 

6.04 

Financial
 Statements, Certificates and Information. 

6.05 

Legal
 Existence and Conduct of Business. 

6.06 

Maintenance of Properties. 

6.07 

Maintenance of Insurance. 

6.08 

Taxes. 

6.09 

Inspection
 of Properties, Books and Contracts. 

6.10 

Compliance
 with Laws, Contracts, Licenses and Permits; Maintenance of Material Licenses
 and Permits. 

6.11 

Environmental
 Indemnification. 

6.12 

Further Assurances. 

6.13 

Notice of
 Potential Claims or Litigation. 

6.14 

Notice
 of Certain Events Concerning Insurance and Environmental Claims. 

6.15 

Notice of Default. 

6.16 

Closure and
 Post Closure Liabilities. 

6.17 

Subsidiaries. 

6.18 

Interest Rate Protection. 

6.19 

Additional Borrowers. 

ARTICLE VII. 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

7.01 

Liens. 

7.02 

Investments. 

7.03 

Indebtedness. 

7.04 

Mergers;
 Consolidation; Sales. 

7.05 

Reserved. 

7.06 

Restricted Payments. 

7.07 

Change in Nature of
 Business. 

7.08 

Transactions with
 Affiliates. 

7.09 

Burdensome
 Agreements; Negative Pledges. 

7.10 

Use of Proceeds. 

7.11 

Financial Covenants. 

7.12 

Sale and Leaseback. 

7.13 

No Other Senior Debt. 

ii 

7.14 

Actions
 Otherwise Prohibited By Subordinated Debt. 

7.15 

Employee Benefit Plans. 

7.16 

Prepayments
 of Certain Obligations; Modifications of Subordinated Debt. 

7.17 

Upstream Limitations. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND
 REMEDIES 

8.01 

Events of Default. 

8.02 

Remedies Upon Event
 of Default. 

8.03 

Application of Funds. 

ARTICLE IX. 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

9.01 

Appointment and
 Authority. 

9.02 

Rights as a Lender. 

9.03 

Exculpatory Provisions. 

9.04 

Reliance by
 Administrative Agent. 

9.05 

Delegation of Duties. 

9.06 

Resignation
 of Administrative Agent. 

9.07 

Non-Reliance
 on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. 

9.08 

No Other Duties, Etc. 

9.09 

Administrative
 Agent May File Proofs of Claim. 

9.10 

Collateral Matters. 

ARTICLE X. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

10.01 

Amendments, Etc. 

10.02 

Notices;
 Effectiveness; Electronic Communication. 

10.03 

No Waiver;
 Cumulative Remedies. 

10.04 

Expenses;
 Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 

10.05 

Payments Set Aside. 

10.06 

Successors and Assigns. 

10.07 

Treatment
 of Certain Information; Confidentiality. 

10.08 

Right of Setoff. 

10.09 

Interest Rate
 Limitation. 

10.10 

Counterparts;
 Integration; Effectiveness. 

10.11 

Survival
 of Representations and Warranties. 

10.12 

Concerning
 Joint and Several Liability of the Borrowers 

10.13 

Severability. 

10.14 

Replacement of Lenders. 

10.15 

Collateral Security. 

10.16 

Existing
 Credit Agreement Superseded 

10.17 

Governing Law;
 Jurisdiction; Etc. 

10.18 

Waiver of Jury Trial. 

10.19 

USA PATRIOT Act Notice. 

SIGNATURES 

iii 

SCHEDULES 

1 

Borrowers 

2.01 

Commitments and Applicable
 Percentages 

5.08 

Litigation 

5.13(a) 

Subsidiaries; Equity
 Interests; Capitalization 

5.13(b) 

Series A Holders 

5.13(c) 

Options 

5.16 

Environmental Compliance 

5.18 

Certain Transactions 

7.01 

Existing Liens 

7.02 

Existing Investments 

7.03 

Existing Indebtedness 

10.02 

Administrative Agent s
 Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 

10.06 

Processing and Recordation
 Fees 

EXHIBITS 

Form
 of 

A 

Loan Notice 

B 

Swing Line Loan Notice 

C 

Note 

D 

Compliance Certificate 

E 

Assignment and Assumption 

F 

Subordination Agreement 

G 

Joinder Agreement 

H 

Instrument of Accession 

I 

Existing Letters of Credit 

J 

Perfection Certificate 

iv 

AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This AMENDED AND RESTATED
REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of
April 28, 2005 by and among CASELLA
WASTE SYSTEMS INC., a Delaware
corporation (the Parent ), its Subsidiaries (other than the Excluded
Subsidiaries and the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries) listed on Schedule 1 
hereto (the Parent and such Subsidiaries herein collectively referred to as the
 Borrowers ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively,
the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), and BANK OF AMERICA,
N.A. , as Administrative Agent, Swing Line
Lender and L/C Issuer. 

WHEREAS, the Borrowers, Fleet
National Bank as the Administrative Agent and certain lending institutions are
parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term
Loan Agreement dated as of January 24, 2003 (as amended, the Existing
Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the lenders thereunder have made
loans and other extensions of credit (the Existing Loans to the
Borrowers; 

WHEREAS, the Borrowers have
requested, among other things, that the Lenders amend and restate the Existing
Credit Agreement, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and
conditions set forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto covenant and agree that on the Closing
Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its
entirety by this Agreement, the terms of which are as follows: 

ARTICLE
I. 
 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 

1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

Acceding Lender has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.14 hereof. 

Accountants has the meaning set forth in Section
5.05(a) hereof. 

Acquired Business 
means a business acquired by any Borrower, whether through asset or stock
purchases, merger, consolidation or otherwise, during the period reported in
the most recent financial statements delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section
6.04 hereof. 

Administrative Agent 
means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the
Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 

Administrative Agent s
Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account
as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the
Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrowers and the
Lenders. 

1 

Administrative
Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by
the Administrative Agent. 

Affiliate means,
with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through
one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control
with the Person specified. 

Aggregate Commitments 
means the Commitments of the Lenders, as in effect from time to time, which
amount shall initially equal 350,000,000, as such amount may be reduced or
increased pursuant to the terms hereof. 

Agreement means
this Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 

Applicable Laws has
the meaning set forth in Section 6.10 . 

Applicable Percentage 
means, as the context requires, with respect to any Lender as of any date, such
Lender s portion of and participating interest in, calculated as a percentage
(carried out to the ninth decimal place), of either (a) the sum of (i) the
outstanding principal amount of all Committed Loans on such date, plus 
(ii) the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans on such date, plus 
(iii) all L/C Obligations on such date (collectively, the Revolving
Percentage ), or (b) if applicable, the outstanding principal amount of the
Term B Loan (the Term B Loan Percentage ). If the Commitment of any Lender to make
Committed Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit
Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the
Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Revolving Percentage of each
Lender shall be determined based on the Revolving Percentage of such Lender
most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The initial Applicable Percentage of each
Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or
in the Assignment and Assumption or Instrument of Accession, as the case may
be, pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 

Applicable Rate 
means the following percentages per annum, based upon the Ratio of Consolidated
Total Funded Debt to Consolidated EBITDA as set forth in the most recent
Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.04(c) : 

2 

Applicable Rate 

Level 

Ratio of
 Consolidated 
 Total Funded Debt to 
 Consolidated 
 EBITDA 

Base Rate 
 Loans 

Eurodollar 
 Rate Loans 

Commitment 
 Fee 

I 

Less than 2.75:1.0 

0.00 

1.50 

0.375 

II 

Greater than or equal to
 2.75:1.0 and less than 3.25:1.0 

0.00 

1.75 

0.375 

III 

Greater than or equal to
 3.25:1.0 and less than 3.75:1.0 

0.25 

2.00 

0.500 

IV 

Greater than or equal to
 3.75:1.0 and less than 4.25:1.0 

0.50 

2.25 

0.500 

V 

Greater than or equal to
 4.25:1.0 

0.50 

2.50 

0.500 

Any increase or decrease in
the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the ratio of Consolidated Total
Funded Debt to Consolidated EBITDA shall become effective as of the first
Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is
delivered pursuant to Section 6.04(c) ; provided , however ,
that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered within ten (10) days after
the time periods specified in such Section, then Pricing Level V shall apply as
of the first Business Day thereafter, subject to prospective adjustment upon
actual receipt of such Compliance Certificate. 
The Applicable Rate in effect from the Closing Date through the First
Business Day after receipt of the first Compliance Certificate required to be
delivered after the Closing Date shall be Pricing Level III. 

Approved Fund means
any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a
Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or
manages a Lender. 

Arranger means Banc
of America Securities LLC, in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole book
manager. 

Assignee Group 
means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two
or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. 

Assignment and
Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and
an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required
by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in
substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form approved by the
Administrative Agent. 

3 

Attributable
Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capitalized Leases
of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance
sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b)
in respect of any obligations under Synthetic Leases, the capitalized amount of
the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a
balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP
if such lease were accounted for as a Capitalized Leases. 

Audited Financial
Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and
its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2004 , 
and the related consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for such
fiscal year, including the notes thereto. 

Availability
Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the
earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate
Commitments in full pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of
termination of the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the
obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section
8.02 . 

Balance
Sheet Date means April 30, 2004. 

Bank of America 
means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 

Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating
rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1 
and (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from
time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of
America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and
desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a
reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below
such announced rate. Any change in such
rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business
on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 

Base Rate Committed Loan 
means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. 

Base Rate Loan 
means a Loan that bears interest based on
the Base Rate. 

Benefit
Amount has the meaning specified in Section 10.12(f) hereto. 

Borrowers has the
meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Borrowers Materials 
has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 

Borrowing means a
Committed Borrowing, a Swing Line Borrowing, or the Term B Loan Borrowing, as
the context may require. 

Business Day means
any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks
are authorized to close under the Applicable Laws of, or are in fact closed in,
the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located and, if such day
relates to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in
Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank
eurodollar market. 

4 

Capital Assets 
means fixed assets, both tangible (such as land, buildings, fixtures, machinery
and equipment) and intangible (such as patents, copyrights, trademarks,
franchises and goodwill); provided that Capital Assets shall not include
any item customarily charged directly to expense or depreciated over a useful
life of twelve (12) months or less in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Expenditures 
means amounts paid or Indebtedness incurred by any Person in connection with
(a) the purchase or lease by such Person of Capital Assets that would be
required to be capitalized and shown on the balance sheet of such Person in
accordance with GAAP or (b) the lease of any assets by such Person as lessee
under any Synthetic Lease to the extent that such assets would have been
Capital Assets had the Synthetic Lease been treated for accounting purposes as
a Capitalized Lease; provided that solely for purposes of this
definition of Capital Expenditures, Capital Assets shall not include (a)
landfill operating and management leases (even if required to be capitalized
under GAAP) , and (b) any item obtained through a
Permitted Acquisition. 

Capitalized Leases 
means leases under which any Borrower is the lessee or obligor, the discounted
future rental payment obligations under which are required to be capitalized on
the balance sheet of the lessee or obligor in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Collateralize 
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(g) . 

Cellulose Joint Venture 
means the joint venture between U.S. Fiber and Greenstone Industries, Inc. with
respect to the cellulose fibers business, including the manufacturing,
marketing and selling of insulation and other cellulose-based products. 

Change in Law means
the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a)
the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any
change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration,
interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the
making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not
having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority. 

Closing Date means
the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are
satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 . 

Code means the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 

Collateral means
all of the property, rights and interests of the Borrowers that are or are
intended to be subject to the security interests and mortgages created by the
Security Documents. 

Commitment means,
as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrower
pursuant to Section 2.01 , (b) purchase participations in L/C
Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an
aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount
set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the
Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto,
as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance
with this Agreement. 

5 

Committed Borrowing 
means a Borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type
and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period,
made by the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 or Section 2.14 . 

Committed Loan has
the meaning specified in Section 2.01 . 

Committed Loan Notice 
means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed
Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate
Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which, if in writing, shall be
substantially in the form of Exhibit A . 

Compliance Certificate 
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 

Conforming Amendment 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14 hereof. 

Consolidated Adjusted
Net Income means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income (or Loss) plus ,
to the extent deducted and without duplication, (a) adjustments for non-cash,
non-recurring charges related to losses from asset impairment charges or
resulting from sales of the Specified Entities or their assets up to an
aggregate amount of 15,000,000, (b) the non-recurring, non-cash write-off of
debt issuance expenses related to the refinancing of Indebtedness under the
Existing Credit Agreement, such write-off not to exceed 4,000,000; and (c)
charges incurred by the Borrowers in connection with unsuccessful landfill
developments up to an aggregate of 3,000,000. 

Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, Consolidated Adjusted
Net Income plus , to the extent that such charge was deducted in
determining Consolidated Adjusted Net Income in the relevant period and without
duplication, (a) interest expense for such period; (b) income taxes for such
period; (c) amortization expense for such period; and (d) depreciation expense
for such period. For all purposes other
than calculating the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.11(a) 
hereof, the Borrowers may include in Consolidated EBITDA the EBITDA for the
prior twelve (12) months of companies acquired by the Borrowers during the
respective reporting period (without duplication with respect to the
adjustments set forth above) only if (A) the financial statements of such
Acquired Business or New Subsidiary have been audited, for the period sought to
be included, by an independent accounting firm satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, or (B) the Administrative Agent consents to such
inclusion after being furnished with other acceptable financial statements.
Furthermore, EBITDA may be further adjusted (other than when calculating the
financial covenant set forth in Section 7.11(a) hereof) to add-back
non-recurring private company expenses which are discontinued upon such
acquisition (such as owner s compensation), as approved by the Administrative
Agent. Simultaneously with the delivery
of the financial statements referred to in (A) and (B) above, a Responsible
Officer of the Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Compliance
Certificate and appropriate documentation certifying the historical operating
results, adjustments and balance sheet of the Acquired Business. 

Consolidated Net Income
(or Loss) means the consolidated net income (or loss) of the Parent and
its Subsidiaries after deduction of all expenses, taxes, and other proper
charges determined in accordance with GAAP, less , to the extent included
therein, (i) gains from 

6 

extraordinary items, (ii) any income from
discontinued operations, and (iii) income attributable to any Investment in any
Excluded Subsidiaries; provided , however , that consolidated net
income shall not be reduced pursuant to this clause (iii) by actual cash
dividends or distributions received from any Excluded Subsidiary. 

Consolidated Net Worth 
means the excess of Consolidated Total Assets over Consolidated Total
Liabilities plus , without duplication, the liquidation value of the
issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock less , to the extent
otherwise includable in the computations of Consolidated Net Worth, any
subscriptions receivable; provided that, commencing on the first day of
the second fiscal quarter of the Borrowers commencing on or about August 1,
2006, the liquidation value of the issued and outstanding Series A Preferred
Stock shall not be included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Worth. 

Consolidated Senior Funded Debt means, at
any time of determination, (a) Consolidated Total Funded Debt minus (b)
Subordinated Debt outstanding as of such date plus (c) any and all
scheduled principal payments in respect of Seller Subordinated Debt that will
become due and payable during the next successive period of four fiscal
quarters. 

Consolidated Total
Assets means the sum of all assets consolidated balance sheet 
 assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP, exclusive, without duplication, of Equity
Interests in and the assets of the Excluded Subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Total
Funded Debt means, at any time of determination with respect to the
Borrowers, collectively, without duplication, whether classified as
Indebtedness or otherwise on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrowers,
(a) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness for (i) borrowed money or credit
obtained or other similar monetary obligations, direct or indirect, (including
any unpaid reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit, but
excluding any contingent obligations with respect to letters of credit
outstanding), (ii) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or
other similar debt instruments (other than Performance Bonds), (iii) the
deferred purchase price of assets (other than trade payables incurred in the
ordinary course of business and holdbacks), (iv) all obligations, liabilities
and Indebtedness under Capitalized Leases and Synthetic Leases which correspond
to principal, including, without limitation, Indebtedness with respect to
capitalization of landfill operating contract obligations, to the extent
capitalized under GAAP, plus (b) Indebtedness of the type referred to in
clause (a) of another Person guaranteed by the any of the Borrowers, plus 
(c) commencing on the first day of the second fiscal quarter of the Borrowers
commencing on or about August 1, 2006, the liquidation value of the Series A
Preferred Stock. 

Consolidated Total Interest Expense means,
for any period, the aggregate amount of interest expense required to be paid or
accrued by the Borrowers during such period on all Indebtedness of the
Borrowers outstanding during all or any part of such period, whether such
interest was or is required to be reflected as an item of expense or
capitalized, including payments consisting of interest in respect of any Capitalized
Lease or any Synthetic Lease, and including commitment fees, agency fees,
balance deficiency fees and similar fees or expenses for such period in
connection with the borrowing of money, but excluding therefrom (a) the
non-cash amortization of debt issuance costs and (b) the write-off of deferred
financing fees and 

7 

charges in connection with the repayment of
any Indebtedness and in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, in each
case, that are classified as interest under GAAP. 

Consolidated Total Liabilities means all
liabilities of the Parent and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP, exclusive of the liabilities of the Excluded
Subsidiaries which are non-recourse to the Borrowers. 

Consulting Engineer means an environmental
consulting firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

Contractual Obligation 
means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or
of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a
party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

Control means the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the
ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled 
have meanings correlative thereto. 

Credit Extension 
means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. 

Debtor Relief Laws 
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation,
conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors,
moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar
debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from
time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 

Default means any
event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the
giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of
Default. 

Default Rate means
(a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an
interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate,
if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum; provided ,
 however , that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Default Rate
shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable
Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum, and (b) when used
with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 
2 per annum. 

Defaulting Lender 
means any Lender that (a) has failed to fund any portion of the Committed
Loans, participations in L/C Obligations or participations in Swing Line Loans
required to be funded by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date
required to be funded by it hereunder, (b) has otherwise failed to pay over to
the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be
paid by it hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due, unless the
subject of a good faith dispute, or (c) has been deemed insolvent or become the
subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding. 

8 

De Minimis Subsidiaries means any
Subsidiary of the Parent whose assets and annual gross revenues do not, in each
case, exceed 1,000,000; provided that (i) the aggregate assets of all
such Subsidiaries taken as a whole shall not exceed 2,000,000, and (ii) the
aggregate annual gross revenues of all such Subsidiaries taken as a whole shall
not exceed 2,000,000. 

Disposition or Dispose 
means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any
sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any
sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any
notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 

Distribution means
the declaration or payment of any dividend on or in respect of any shares of
any class of capital stock of any Person, other than dividends payable solely
in shares of common stock of such Person; the purchase, redemption, defeasance,
retirement or other acquisition of any shares of any class of capital stock of
such Person, directly or indirectly through a Subsidiary of such Person or
otherwise and whether in the form of increases in the liquidation value of such
shares or otherwise (including the setting apart of assets for a sinking or
other analogous fund to be used for such purpose); the return of capital by any
Person to its shareholders as such; or any other distribution on or in respect
of any shares of any class of capital stock of such Person. 

Dollar and 
mean lawful money of the United States. 

Domestic Subsidiary 
means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political
subdivision of the United States. 

Eligible Assignee 
means (a) a Lender; (b) an Affiliate of a Lender; (c) an Approved Fund; and (d)
any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender in the case of
clause (d) of this definition, and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred
or is continuing, the Borrower (A) with respect to clauses (a), (b) or (c) of
this definition (unless such assignment would not result in increased costs to
the Borrowers hereunder), or (B) with respect to clause (d) of this definition
(each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided 
that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include any
of the Borrowers or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 

Employee Benefit Plan 
means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of 3(3) of ERISA maintained
or contributed to by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, other than a
Guaranteed Pension Plan or a Multiemployer Plan. 

Environmental Compliance Certificate means a certificate specifying
the nature of a Default or Event of Default relating to an Environmental
matter, the period of existence thereof and what action the Borrowers propose
to take with respect thereto. 

Environmental Laws 
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.16(a) hereof. 

Environmental Liability 
means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for
damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities)
of any of the Borrowers directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a)
violation of any 

9 

Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use,
handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous
Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or
threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any
contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability
is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Equity Interests 
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or
other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants,
options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of
shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such
Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of
capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or
warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of
such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit
interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests
therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares,
warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of
determination. 

ERISA means the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 

ERISA Affiliate means any Person which is
treated as a single employer with any Borrower under 414 of the Code. 

ERISA Reportable Event 
means a reportable event with respect to a Guaranteed Pension Plan within the
meaning of 4043 of ERISA and the regulations promulgated thereunder as to
which the requirement of notice has not been waived. 

Eurodollar Rate 
means, for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate
per annum equal to the British Bankers Association LIBOR Rate BBA LIBOR ),
as published by Reuters (or other commercially available source providing
quotations of BBA LIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to
time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the
commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the
first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest
Period. If such rate is not available at
such time for any reason, then the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period
shall be the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the
rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest
Period in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Eurodollar Rate Loan
being made, continued or converted by Bank of America and with a term
equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Bank of America s London
Branch to major banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at its request
at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the
commencement of such Interest Period. 

Eurodollar Rate Loan 
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Eurodollar Rate. 

Event of Default 
has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 

Excluded Subsidiaries 
means any Subsidiary and any joint venture, partnership or other Person in
which the Parent or a Subsidiary has a minority ownership interest, which in
each case is designated as an Excluded Subsidiary and listed on Schedule 5.13(a) and any other Person 

10 

from time to time designated by the Parent as
an Excluded Subsidiary; provided , that the Parent may not designate a
Person as an Excluded Subsidiary if (a) the Investment made in such Person,
together with all Investments made in other Excluded Subsidiaries would exceed
that permitted by Section 7.02 hereof, or (b) such Person would be
required to be a guarantor of the Subordinated Debt. 

Excluded Taxes 
means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or
any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any
obligation of the Borrowers hereunder, (a) taxes imposed on or measured by its
overall net income (however denominated), and franchise taxes imposed on it (in
lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision
thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its
principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its
applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by
the United States or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which
any of the Borrowers is located and (c) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender (other
than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 10.14 ),
any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Non-U.S. Lender
at the time such Non-U.S. Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new
lending office) or is attributable to such Non-U.S. Lender s failure or
inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law after such Non-U.S. Lender
becomes a party hereto) to comply with Section 3.01(b) . 

Existing Credit
Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Existing Letters of
Credit means all Letters of Credit (as defined in the Existing Credit
Agreement) set forth in Exhibit I hereto. 

FCR means FCR, Inc., a
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of KTI. 

Federal Funds Rate 
means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the
rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal
Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such
day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal
Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next
preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and
(b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the
Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if
necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1 charged to Bank of America on
such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Fee Letter means
the letter agreement, dated March 21, 2005, among the Borrowers, the
Administrative Agent and the Arranger. 

Financial L/C(s) 
means Letter(s) of Credit where the event which triggers payment is financial,
such as the failure to pay money, and not performance related, such as failure
to ship a product or provide a service, as set forth in greater detail in the letter
dated March 30, 1995 from 

11 

the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System or in any applicable directive or letter ruling of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System issued subsequent thereto. 

Financial L/C Fee has the meaning specified in Section
2.3(i)(i) hereto. 

Foreign Subsidiary 
means each Subsidiary of any Borrower (whether direct or indirect, existing on
the date hereof or acquired or formed hereafter in accordance with the
provisions hereof) which is incorporated under the laws of a jurisdiction other
than a State or other jurisdiction of the United States of America. 

FRB means the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 

Fronting Fee has the
meaning specified in Section 2.03(i)(iii) hereto. 

Fund means any
Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making,
purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar
extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 

GAAP means
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the
opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of
the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be
approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United
States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of
determination, consistently applied. 

Governmental Authority 
means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any
political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency,
authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other
entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or
administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including
any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Greenfiber means U.S. GreenFiber LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company in which U.S. Fiber owns a 50 Equity
Interest and through which the Cellulose Joint Venture is conducted. 

Guaranteed Pension Plan 
means any employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of 3(2) of ERISA
maintained or contributed to by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate the
benefits of which are guaranteed on termination in full or in part by the PBGC
pursuant to Title IV of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan. 

Hazardous Materials 
means any hazardous waste, as defined by 42 U.S.C. 6903(5), any hazardous
substances as defined by 42 U.S.C. 9601(14), any pollutant or contaminant as
defined by 42 U.S.C. 9601(33) and any waste, hazardous waste, dangerous goods,
contaminants, pollutants, toxic substance, oil or hazardous materials or other
chemicals or substances regulated by any Environmental Laws. 

12 

Increase Closing Date 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14 hereof. 

Indebtedness means, as to any Person and
whether recourse is secured by or is otherwise available against all or only a
portion of the assets of such Person and whether or not contingent, but without
duplication: 

(a) every obligation of such Person for money
borrowed, 

(b) every obligation of such Person evidenced by
bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, including obligations
incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, 

(c) every reimbursement obligation of such Person
with respect to letters of credit, bankers acceptances or similar facilities
issued for the account of such Person, 

(d) every obligation of such Person issued or
assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (including
securities repurchase agreements but excluding (x) trade accounts payable or
accrued liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business which are not
overdue in accordance with their terms or the Borrowers normal or ordinary
business practices or which are being contested in good faith and holdbacks,
and (y) guaranteed or contingent royalty payments made in connection with the
purchase or operation of landfills and other types of disposal facilities), 

(e) every obligation of such Person under any
Capitalized Lease, 

(f) every obligation of such Person under any
Synthetic Lease, 

(g) all sales by such Person of (i) accounts or
general intangibles for money due or to become due, (ii) chattel paper,
instruments or documents creating or evidencing a right to payment of money or
(iii) other receivables (collectively receivables ), whether pursuant
to a purchase facility or otherwise, other than in connection with the
disposition of the business operations of such Person relating thereto or a
disposition of defaulted receivables for collection and not as a financing
arrangement, and together with any obligation of such Person to pay any
discount, interest, fees, indemnities, penalties, recourse, expenses or other
amounts in connection therewith, 

(h) every obligation of such Person (an equity related purchase obligation to
purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value any Equity Interests of
any class issued by such Person, any warrants, options or other rights to
acquire any such shares, or any rights measured by the value of such shares,
warrants, options or other rights, 

(i) every obligation of such Person under Swap
Contracts, 

(j) every obligation in respect of Indebtedness
of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a
general partner) to the extent that such Person is liable therefor as a result
of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship 

13 

with such entity, except to
the extent that the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not
liable therefor and such terms are enforceable under Applicable Law, 

(k) every obligation, contingent or otherwise, of
such Person guaranteeing, or having the economic effect of guarantying or otherwise
acting as surety for, any obligation of a type described in any of clauses (a)
through (j) (the primary obligation of another Person (the primary
obligor ), in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including,
without limitation, any obligation of such Person (i) to purchase or pay (or
advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment of
such primary obligation, (ii) to purchase property, securities or services for
the purpose of assuring the payment of such primary obligation, or (iii) to
maintain working capital, equity capital or other financial statement condition
or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay
such primary obligation. 

The amount or principal amount of any Indebtedness
at any time of determination represented by (t) any Indebtedness, issued at a
price that is less than the principal amount at maturity thereof, shall be the
amount of the liability in respect thereof determined in accordance with GAAP,
(u) any Capitalized Lease shall be the principal component of the aggregate of
the rentals obligation under such Capitalized Lease payable over the term
thereof that is not subject to termination by the lessee, (v) any sale of
receivables shall be the amount of unrecovered capital or principal investment
of the purchaser (other than the Borrower or any of its wholly-owned
Subsidiaries) thereof, excluding amounts representative of yield or interest
earned on such investment, (w) any Synthetic Lease shall be the stipulated loss
value, termination value or other equivalent amount, (x) any Swap Contract on
any date shall be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date, (y) any
equity related purchase obligation shall be the maximum fixed redemption or
purchase price thereof that is payable upon a mandatory redemption or purchase
of such equity inclusive of any accrued and unpaid dividends to be comprised in
such redemption or purchase price and (z) any guarantee or other contingent
liability referred to in clause (k) shall be an amount equal to the stated or
determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such guaranty
or other contingent obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable, the
maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such
Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good
faith based upon the principles set forth in this paragraph. 

Indemnitees has the
meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 

Indenture means the Indenture dated as of January 24, 2003 among
the Parent, certain of its Subsidiaries as guarantors and U.S. Bank National
Association as trustee, with respect to the Senior Subordinated Notes. 

Information has the
meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 

Instrument of Accession 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14 hereof. 

Insurance Subsidiary 
means Casella Insurance Company, a Vermont corporation and a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of the Parent. 

14 

Interest Payment Date 
means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each
Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided ,
 however , that if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Loan exceeds
three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the
beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b)
as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day
of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date. 

Interest Period 
means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such
Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar
Rate Loan and ending on the date one, two, three or six months thereafter, as
selected by the Borrowers in their Committed Loan Notice; provided that: 

(i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end
on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which
case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 

(ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last
Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically
corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period)
shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such
Interest Period; and 

(iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the
Maturity Date. 

Investment means
all expenditures made and all liabilities incurred (contingently or otherwise)
for the acquisition of stock or Indebtedness of, or the amount of loans,
advances, capital contributions or transfers of property to, or in respect of
any guarantees (or other commitments as described under Indebtedness), or
obligations of, any Person. In
determining the aggregate amount of Investments outstanding at any particular
time: (a) the amount of any Investment represented by a guaranty shall be taken
at not less than the principal amount of the obligations guaranteed and still
outstanding; (b) there shall be included as an Investment all interest accrued
with respect to Indebtedness constituting an Investment unless and until such
interest is paid; (c) there shall be deducted in respect of each such
Investment any amount received as a return of capital (but only by repurchase,
redemption, retirement, repayment, liquidating dividend or liquidating
distribution); (d) there shall not be deducted in respect of any Investment any
amounts received as earnings on such Investment, whether as dividends, interest
or otherwise, except that accrued interest included as provided in the
foregoing clause (b) may be deducted when paid; and (e) there shall not be
deducted or (as the case may be) added from the aggregate amount of Investments
any decrease or increase in the value thereof. 

IRBs means
industrial revenue bonds or solid waste disposal bonds issued by or at the
request of the Borrowers. 

ISP means, with
respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 
published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice (or such
later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 

15 

Issuer Documents 
means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application,
and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer
and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor the L/C Issuer and relating to
any such Letter of Credit. 

KTI means KTI,
Inc., a New Jersey corporation and a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent. 

L/C Advance means,
with respect to any Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any
L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Revolving Percentage. 

L/C Borrowing means
an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit
which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a
Committed Borrowing. 

L/C Credit Extension 
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension
of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 

L/C Issuer means
Bank of America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or
any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. 

L/C Obligations 
means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate Maximum Drawing Amount plus 
the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. 

L/C Supported IRBs 
means IRBs backed by Letters of Credit issued hereunder. 

Lender 
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, as the
context requires, includes the Swing Line Lender. 

Lending Office 
means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such
in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices
as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent. 

Letter of Credit 
means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder and
shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. 

Letter of Credit
Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or
amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C
Issuer. 

Letter of Credit
Expiration Date means the day that is seven days prior to the Maturity
Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding
Business Day). 

Letter of Credit Fee 
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(i) . 

Letter of Credit
Percentage means the percentage per annum equal to the Applicable Rate for
Eurodollar Rate Loans, as in effect from time to time, as set forth in the
column Eurodollar Rate Loans in the table set forth in the definition of Applicable
Rate above. 

16 

Lien means any
mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance,
lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or preferential
arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature
whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement,
any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and
any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the
foregoing). 

Loan means an
extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the
form of a Committed Loan or a Swing Line Loan or, to the extent applicable, any
Term B Loan advanced pursuant to Section 2.14 hereof. 

Loan Documents 
means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the Letters of Credit,
the Security Documents, the Subordination Agreements, and any documents,
instruments or agreements executed in connection with any of the foregoing,
each as amended, modified, supplemented, or replaced from time to time. 

Loan Notice means a
Committed Loan Notice or a Term B Loan Notice. 

Material Adverse Effect 
means a material adverse change in, or material adverse effect upon the
operations, business, properties or financial condition of the Borrowers taken
as a whole. 

Maturity Date means April 28, 2010. 

Maximum Drawing Amount 
means the maximum drawing amount that beneficiaries may at any time draw under
Letters of Credit, as such aggregate amount may be reduced from time to time
pursuant to the terms of such Letters of Credit. For purposes of computing the amount
available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of
Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any
date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any
amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of
the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the
amount so remaining available to be drawn. 

Multiemployer Plan 
means any multiemployer plan within the meaning of 3(37) of ERISA maintained
or contributed to by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 

NELS means New
England Landfill Solutions, LLC. 

New Subsidiary 
means a Subsidiary acquired or formed by any Borrower during the period
reported in the most recent financial statements delivered to the Lenders
pursuant to Section 6.04 . 

Non-Borrower Subsidiary 
means the Insurance Subsidiary, the De Minimis Subsidiaries, the Foreign
Subsidiaries and NELS, all of which are listed on Schedule 5.13(a) 
hereto. 

Non-U.S. Lender has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(d) hereof. 

17 

Note means a
promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made
by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C , or, to the
extent applicable, if requested by a Term B Lender, a promissory note
evidencing a portion of the Term B Loan. 

Obligations means
all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of,
any Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any
Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired
by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or
hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the
commencement by or against any Borrower or any Affiliate thereof of any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such
proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in
such proceeding and any Swap Contracts of any of the Borrowers to which a
Lender or its Affiliate is a party. 

Organization Documents 
means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of
incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive
documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any
limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization
and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint
venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture
or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement,
instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its
formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the
jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any
certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 

Outstanding Amount 
means (i) with respect to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the
aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any
borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans and Swing Line
Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; (ii) with respect to any L/C
Obligations on any date, the aggregate amount of all L/C Obligations on such
date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and
any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such
date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of
Unreimbursed Amounts; and (iii) to the extent applicable, the outstanding
principal amount of the Term B Loan on any date. 

Participant has the
meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 

PBGC means the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 

Performance Bonds 
has the meaning specified in Section 7.03(d) hereto. 

Performance L/C 
means a Letter of Credit which is not a Financial L/C. 

Performance L/C Fee has the meaning specified in Section
2.3(i)(ii) hereto. 

Permitted Acquisitions 
has the meaning specified in Section 7.04 hereto. 

Permitted
Investments has the meaning specified in Section 7.02 hereto. 

18 

Permitted Liens has
the meaning specified in Section 7.01 hereto 

Person means any
natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture,
association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Platform has the
meaning specified in Section 6.04 . 

Pledge Agreement 
means the Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date,
among certain of the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. 

Post-Closing Increase has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14 
hereof. 

Real Property means
all real property heretofore, now, or hereafter owned or leased by the
Borrowers. 

Register has the
meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 

Related Parties 
means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners,
directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such
Person s Affiliates. 

Release means the
broader of (i) the meaning specified for the term Release (or Released in
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of
1980, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq . CERCLA and (ii) the meaning
specified for the term Disposal (or Disposed in the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq . RCRA and regulations promulgated thereunder; provided, that in the event either
CERCLA or RCRA is amended so as to broaden the meaning of any term defined
thereby, such broader meaning shall apply as of the effective date of such
amendment and provided further, to the extent that the laws of a state or
province (or the federal laws of Canada applicable therein) wherein the
property lies establishes a meaning for Release or Disposal or any
analogous term which is broader than specified in either CERCLA or RCRA, such
broader meaning shall apply. 

Reportable Event 
means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than
events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 

Request for Credit
Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or
continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to
an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect
to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 

Required Lenders 
means, as of any date of determination, any combination of Lenders having more
than fifty percent (50 of the sum of (a) the Aggregate Commitments plus 
(b) to the extent applicable, the outstanding principal amount of the Term B Loan
(with the aggregate amount of any Lender s risk participation and funded
participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by
such Lender for purposes of this definition); provided that for purposes
of this definition, Lender shall not
include any Defaulting Lender; and provided , 

19 

further , that if the Commitments have been
terminated or if the Maturity Date has occurred, any combination of Lenders
holding more than fifty percent (50 of the Total Outstandings. 

Responsible Officer 
means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer,
treasurer or assistant treasurer of the Parent. 
Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer
shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary
corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of any Borrower and such
Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of
such Borrower. 

Restricted Payment 
means, in relation to the Borrowers and the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries, any (a)
Distribution, (b) payment by any Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiaries to (i)
such Borrower s or such Non-Borrower Subsidiary s shareholders (or other equity
holders), in each case, other than to another Borrower, or (ii) to any
Affiliate of such Borrower or such Non-Borrower Subsidiary or any Affiliate of
such Borrower s or such Non-Borrower Subsidiary s shareholders (or other equity
holders), in each case, other than to another Borrower or (c) derivatives or
other transactions with any financial institution, commodities or stock
exchange or clearinghouse (a Derivatives Counterparty obligating such
Borrower or such Non-Borrower Subsidiary to make payments to such Derivatives
Counterparty as a result of any change in market value of any capital stock of
such Borrower or such Non-Borrower Subsidiary. 

Revolving Lenders 
means the Lenders making Committed Loans. 

Revolving Percentage 
has the meaning specified in the definition of Applicable Percentage. 

Sarbanes-Oxley 
means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

SEC means the
Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to
any of its principal functions. 

Security Agreement means the Amended and
Restated Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrowers
and the Administrative Agent. 

Security Documents 
means the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement each
as amended and in effect from time to time, and any additional documents
evidencing or perfecting the Administrative Agent s Lien on the assets of the
applicable Borrowers for the benefit of the applicable Lenders (including
Uniform Commercial Code financing statements). 

Securities Laws 
means the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
Sarbanes-Oxley and the applicable accounting and auditing principles, rules,
standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC or the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, as each of the foregoing may be
amended and in effect on any applicable date hereunder. 

Seller Subordinated Debt means Indebtedness
of any of the Borrowers (other than the Senior Subordinated Debt) which has
been subordinated and made junior to the payment and performance in full in
cash of the Obligations, and evidenced as such by a subordination agreement
containing subordination provisions substantially in the form of Exhibit F 
hereto (the 

20 

Subordination Agreement provided that (a) at the time such Seller
Subordinated Debt is incurred, no Default or Event of Default has occurred or
would occur as a result of such incurrence, and (b) the documentation
evidencing such Seller Subordinated Debt shall have been delivered to the
Administrative Agent and shall contain all 
of the following characteristics: (i) it
shall be unsecured, (ii) it shall bear interest at a rate not to exceed the
market rate, (iii) it shall not require unscheduled principal repayments
thereof prior to the maturity date of such debt, (iv) if it has any covenants,
such covenants (including covenants relating to incurrence of indebtedness)
shall be meaningfully less restrictive than those set forth herein, (v) it
shall have no restrictions on the Borrower s ability to grant liens securing
indebtedness ranking senior to such Seller Subordinated Debt, (vi) it shall
permit the incurrence of senior indebtedness under this Credit Agreement, (vii)
it may be cross-accelerated with the Obligations and other senior indebtedness
of the Borrowers (but shall not be cross-defaulted except for payment defaults
which the senior lenders have not waived) and may be accelerated upon
bankruptcy, (viii) it shall provide for the complete, automatic and
unconditional release of any and all guarantees of such Seller Subordinated
Debt granted by any Borrower in the event of the sale by any Person of such
Borrower or the sale by any Person of all or substantially all of such Borrower s
assets (including in the case of a foreclosure), (ix) it shall provide that (A)
upon any payment or distribution of the assets of the Borrowers (including
after the commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding) of any kind or character,
all of the Obligations (including interest accruing after the commencement of
any bankruptcy proceeding at the rate specified for the applicable Obligation,
whether or not such interest is an allowable claim in any such proceeding)
shall be paid in full in cash prior to any payment being received by the
holders of the Seller Subordinated Debt and (B) until all of the Obligations
(including the interest described in subclause (A) above) are paid in full in
cash, any payment or distribution to which the holders of the Seller
Subordinated Debt would be entitled but for the subordination provisions of the
type described in clauses (x) and (xi) hereof shall be made to the holders of
the Obligations, (x) it shall provide that in the event of a payment default
under Section 8.01(a) hereof, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay
the principal of, or any interest, fees and all other amounts payable with
respect to the Seller Subordinated Debt until the Obligations have been paid in
full in cash, (xi) it shall provide that in the event of any other Event of
Default, the Lenders shall be permitted to block with respect to the Seller
Subordinated Debt for a period of 180 days (A) payments of principal, interest,
fees and all other amounts payable, and (B) enforcement of remedies for Seller
Subordinated Debt in excess of 1,000,000, and (xii) it shall acknowledge that
none of the provisions outlined in part (b) of this definition can be amended,
modified or otherwise altered without the prior written consent of the Required
Lenders. 

Senior Subordinated Debt means (a) the
existing senior subordinated Indebtedness of the Borrowers evidenced by the
Senior Subordinated Debt Documents in the aggregate principal amount of
 195,000,000, and (b) any other senior subordinated debt permitted under Section
7.03 hereof which shall be on market terms and otherwise reasonably
acceptable to the Required Lenders in all respects. 

Senior Subordinated Debt Documents means
the Indenture, the Senior Subordinated Notes and all other documents,
instruments and agreements entered into or executed in connection therewith or
in connection with other Senior Subordinated Debt. 

21 

Senior Subordinated Notes means the 9.75 
Senior Subordinated Notes due 2013 issued by the Parent pursuant to the
Indenture. 

SPC has the meaning specified in Section
10.06(h) 

Series A Certificate means that certain
Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, dated as of
August 8, 2000, which sets forth the rights and obligations of the Series A
Holders and the Parent with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Series A Holders means the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock listed on Schedule 5.13(b) hereto. 

Series A Preferred Stock 
means the Series A Preferred Stock issued by the Parent to the Series A Holders pursuant to the Series A Certificate in the liquidation
value of 53,750,000 plus dividends as provided for in the Series A
Certificate. 

Specified Entities 
means (a) K-C International, Ltd., (b) the brokerage business of KTI Recycling
of New England, Inc., (c) the brokerage business of Pine Tree Waste, Inc., (d)
Greenfiber, (e) KTI New Jersey Fibers, Inc., (f) Atlantic Coast Fibers, Inc.,
(g) Casella NH Investors Co., LLC, (h) Casella NH Power Co., LLC, (i) Data
Destruction Services, Inc., (j) Natural Environmental, Inc., (k) Blasdell
Development Group, Inc., (l) Casella Waste Management of Pennsylvania, Inc.,
(m) KTI Specialty Waste Services, Inc., (n) Pine Tree Waste, Inc., (o) Resource
Recovery of Cape Cod, Inc., (p) Rochester Environmental Park, LLC and (q) the
companies and assets comprising the FCR operating segment, or the successors of
any of the foregoing only with respect to the businesses conducted by the
foregoing on the Closing Date. 

Spot Rate means,
with respect to any first currency (as defined in Section 2.15 ), at
any date of determination thereof, the spot rate of exchange in London that
appears on the display page applicable to such first currency on the Reuters
System (or such other page as may replace such page on such service for the
purpose of displaying the spot rate of exchange in London) for the conversion
of such first currency into the second currency (as defined in Section
2.15 ); provided , however , that if there shall at any time no
longer exist such a page on such service, the Spot Rate shall be determined by
reference to another similar rate publishing service selected by the
Administrative Agent. 

Subsidiary of a
Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability
company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of
securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of
directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having
such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time
beneficially owned by such Person. 
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or
to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Parent. 

Subordination Agreement 
has the meaning specified in the definition of Seller Subordinated Debt . 

Subordinated Debt 
means, collectively, the Senior Subordinated Debt and the Seller Subordinated
Debt. 

22 

Swap Contract means
(a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative
transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options,
forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or
bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price
or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign
exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar
transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions,
currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any
combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of
the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject
to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the
related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or
governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps
and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master
Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together
with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such
obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 

Swap Termination Value 
means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account
the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap
Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been
closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such
termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in
clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such
Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other
readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap
Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 

Swing Line means
the revolving credit facility made available by the Swing Line Lender pursuant
to Section 2.04 . 

Swing Line Borrowing 
means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04 . 

Swing Line Lender 
means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any
successor swing line lender hereunder. 

Swing Line Loan has
the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) . 

Swing Line Loan Notice 
means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b) ,
which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B 
hereto. 

Swing Line Sublimit 
means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 10,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate
Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is
part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. 

Synthetic Lease 
means any lease of goods or other property, whether real or personal, which is
treated as an operating lease under GAAP and as a loan or financing for U.S.
income tax purposes. 

23 

Term B Lender means
the Lenders holding a portion of the Term B Loan as shall be set forth in
amended Schedule A to the Conforming Amendment, together with any other Person
who becomes an assignee of any rights and obligations of a Term B Lender. 

Term B Loan has the
meaning specified in Section 2.14 hereof. 

Term B Loan Borrowing 
means a borrowing consisting of any portions of the Term B Loan of the same
Type. 

Term B Loan Date 
has the meaning specified in Section 2.14 hereof. 

Term B Loan Notice 
means a notice of (a) a Term B Loan Borrowing, (b) a conversion of any portion
of the Term B Loan from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of
Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) (as made applicable
pursuant to Section 2.14 ), which, if in writing, shall be substantially
in the form of Exhibit A . 

Term B Loan Percentage 
has the meaning specified in the definition of Applicable Percentage. 

Threshold Amount 
means 5,000,000. 

Total Outstandings 
means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations. 

Total Revolving Outstandings 
means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans, Swing Line Loans and
L/C Obligations. 

Type means, with
respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan. 

United States and U.S. 
mean the United States of America. 

Unreimbursed Amount 
has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 

U.S. Fiber means
U.S. Fiber, Inc., a North Carolina corporation. 

1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this
Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in
such other Loan Document: 

(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply
equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun
shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes 
and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without
limitation. The word will 
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i)
any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document
(including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such
agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on 

24 

such amendments, supplements
or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any
reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s
permitted successors and permitted assigns, (iii) the words herein , hereof 
and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan
Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and
not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document
to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to
Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in
which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all
statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or
interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless
otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or
supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property 
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and
all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities,
accounts and contract rights. 

(b) In the computation of periods of time from a
specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from
and including ; the words to and until each mean to
but excluding ; and the word through means to and including . 

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan
Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect
the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

1.03 Accounting Terms.
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or
completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all
financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations)
required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in
conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to
time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited
Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed
herein. 

(b) Changes in GAAP . If
at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial
ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrowers
or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent and the
Borrowers shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to
preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject
to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that , until so
amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in
accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrowers
shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements
and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested
hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or
requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 

1.04 Rounding. Any financial ratios
required to be maintained by the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement shall be
calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component,
carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such
ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number
(with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 

25 

1.05 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times
of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as
applicable). 

1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified
herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the
stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided ,
 however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or
the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more
automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of
Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit
after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated
amount is in effect at such time. 

ARTICLE II. 
 THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT
EXTENSIONS 

2.01 Committed Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each
Lender severally agrees to make revolving loans (each such loan, a Committed
Loan to the Borrowers from time to time, on any Business Day during the
Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time
outstanding the amount of such Lender s Commitment; provided , however ,
that after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, (i) the Total Revolving
Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate
Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such
Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations
 plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of
all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment. Within the limits of each Lender s
Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers
may borrow under this Section 2.01 , prepay under Section 2.05 ,
and reborrow under this Section 2.01 . 
Committed Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as
further provided herein. 

2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of
Loans. 

(a) Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of
Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate
Loans shall be made upon the Borrowers irrevocable notice to the
Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the
Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to
the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of
Eurodollar Rate Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base
Rate Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate
Loans. Each telephonic notice by the
Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by
delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Notice, appropriately
completed and signed by a Responsible Officer or other signatories of the
Borrowers approved by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or
continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of
 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in
excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.03(c) and 2.04(c) ,
each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal
amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice (whether telephonic or
written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrowers are requesting a Committed Borrowing,
a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of
Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, 

26 

conversion or continuation, as the case may
be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be
borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to
which existing Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration
of the Interest Period with respect thereto. 
If the Borrowers fail to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if
the Borrowers fail to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or
continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base
Rate Loans. Any such automatic
conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the
Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate
Loans. If the Borrowers request a
Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any
such Loan Notice, but fail to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to
have specified an Interest Period of one month. 

(b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its
Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a
conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrowers, the Administrative
Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to
Base Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Committed Borrowing, each
Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the
Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s
Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable
Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction
of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such
Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the
Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the
Borrowers in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i)
crediting the account of the Borrowers on the books of Bank of America with the
amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in
accordance with instructions provided to the Administrative Agent by the
Borrowers; provided , however , that if, on the date the Committed
Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by the Borrowers, there are
L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first ,
shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second ,
shall be made available to the Borrowers as provided above. 

(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a
Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an
Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan. 
During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as,
converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the
Required Lenders. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly
notify the Borrowers and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any
Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest
rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans
are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers and the
Lenders of any change in Bank of America s prime rate used in determining the
Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 

(e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all
conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans
as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in
effect with respect to Loans. 

27 

2.03 Letters of Credit. 

(a) The
Letter of Credit Commitment. 

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the
Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , (1) from time to time on any
Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit
Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrowers,
and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance
with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of
Credit; and (B) the Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit
issued for the account of the Borrowers and any drawings thereunder; provided 
that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter
of Credit, (x) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate
Commitments, and (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of
any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding
Amount of all L/C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage
of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s
Commitment. Each request by the
Borrowers for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed
to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so
requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the
preceding sentence. Within the foregoing
limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers ability
to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the
Borrowers may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace
Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and
reimbursed. All Existing Letters of
Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant hereto, and from and after
the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions
hereof. 

(ii) The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of
Credit, if: 

(A) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii), the expiry
date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months
after the date of issuance or last extension, unless the Required Lenders have
approved such expiry date; or 

(B) the expiry date of such requested Letter of
Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the
Lenders have approved such expiry date. 

(iii) The L/C Issuer shall not be under any
obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 

(A) any order, judgment or decree of any
Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or
restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law
applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having
the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the
L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the
issuance of letters of credit generally 

28 

or such Letter of Credit in
particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of
Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C
Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing
Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or
expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer
in good faith deems material to it; 

(B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would
violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer; 

(C) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in
a currency other than Dollars; or 

(D) a default of any Lender s obligations to fund
under Section 2.03(c) exists or any Lender is at such time a Defaulting
Lender hereunder, unless the L/C Issuer has entered into satisfactory
arrangements with the Borrowers or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer s
risk with respect to such Lender. 

(iv) The L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of
Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such
Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 

(v) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation
to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at
such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms
hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the
proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 

(vi) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the
Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents
associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and
immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX 
with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in
connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it
and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the
term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included the L/C
Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided
herein with respect to the L/C Issuer. 

(b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of
Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit . 

(i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or
amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrowers delivered to the
L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of
Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Borrowers. Such Letter of Credit
Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not
later than 11:00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time
as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular
instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date
of amendment, as the case may be. In the
case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of
Credit 

29 

Application shall specify in
form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date
of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the
amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the
beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in
case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be
presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; and (G) such
other matters as the L/C Issuer may reasonably require. In the case of a request for an amendment of
any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall
specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of
Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall
be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such
other matters as the L/C Issuer may reasonably require. Additionally, the Borrowers shall furnish to
the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and
information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or
amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the
Administrative Agent may require. 

(ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of
Credit Application, the L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent
(by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy
of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrowers and, if not, the L/C
Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer has received written
notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Borrower, at least one
Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the
applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained
in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms
and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a
Letter of Credit for the account of the applicable Borrower or enter into the
applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the
L/C Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter
of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in
such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s
Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 

(iii) If the Borrowers so request in any applicable
Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer may agree to issue a Letter of
Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension
Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of
Credit must permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once
in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such
Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later
than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month
period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer,
the Borrowers shall not be required to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer
for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension
Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have
authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such
Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of
Credit Expiration Date; provided , however , that the L/C Issuer
shall not permit any such extension if (A) the L/C Issuer has determined that
it would not be permitted, or would 

30 

have no obligation, at such
time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the
terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section
2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by
telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days before
the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the
Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the
Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrowers that one or more of the
applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied,
and in each such case directing the L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. 

(iv) If the Borrowers so request in any applicable
Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that permits the automatic
reinstatement of all or a portion of the stated amount thereof after any
drawing thereunder (each, an Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit ). Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer,
the Borrowers shall not be required to make a specific request to the L/C
Issuer to permit such reinstatement. 
Once an Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit has been issued, except as
provided in the following sentence, the Lenders shall be deemed to have
authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to reinstate all or a portion
of the stated amount thereof in accordance with the provisions of such Letter
of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if such Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit permits the L/C Issuer to decline
to reinstate all or any portion of the stated amount thereof after a drawing
thereunder by giving notice of such non-reinstatement within a specified number
of days after such drawing (the Non-Reinstatement Deadline ), the L/C
Issuer shall not permit such reinstatement if it has received a notice (which
may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business
Days before the Non-Reinstatement Deadline (A) from the Administrative Agent
that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such reinstatement or (B)
from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that one or more of
the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then
satisfied (treating such reinstatement as an L/C Credit Extension for purposes
of this clause) and, in each case, directing the L/C Issuer not to permit such
reinstatement. 

(v) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of
Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect
thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter
of Credit or amendment. 

(c) Drawings
and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations . 

(i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any
Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the
L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent
thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on
the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit, or within 2
hours after notice, if such notice occurs after 11:00 a.m. (each such date, an Honor
Date ), the Borrowers shall reimburse the L/C Issuer through the
Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing. If the Borrowers fail to so reimburse the L/C
Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender
of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed
Amount ), and the amount of such 

31 

Lender s Applicable
Percentage thereof. In such event, the
Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate
Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed
Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section
2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount
of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set
forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan
Notice). Any notice given by the L/C
Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) 
may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided 
that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the
conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 

(ii) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to
 Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for
the account of the L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount
equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than
1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative
Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii) ,
each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base
Rate Committed Loan to the Borrowers in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the
funds so received to the L/C Issuer. 

(iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that
is not fully refinanced by a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the
conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any
other reason, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C
Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so
refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together
with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Lender s payment to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section
2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such
L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in
satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03 . 

(iv) Until each Lender funds its Committed Loan or
L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer
for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such
Lender s Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account
of the L/C Issuer. 

(v) Each Lender s obligation to make Committed
Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under
Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c) , shall be
absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance,
including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right
which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer, the Borrowers or any other
Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a
Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not
similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that each
Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) 
is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than
delivery by the Borrowers of a Committed Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall
relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse 

32 

the L/C Issuer for the
amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit,
together with interest as provided herein. 

(vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to
be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section
2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii) , the L/C Issuer
shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative
Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the
date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately
available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the
Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the L/C Issuer in accordance with
banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to
any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing
under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Repayment of Participations . 

(i) At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a
payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender s
L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c) ,
if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any
payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon
(whether directly from the Borrowers or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash
Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative
Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof
(appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the
period of time during which such Lender s L/C Advance was outstanding) in the
same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) If any payment received by the Administrative
Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) 
is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section
10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer
in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the
account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the
Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the
date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the
Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. 
The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the
payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

(e) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrowers to
reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay
each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall
be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all
circumstances, including, without limitation, the following: 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of
such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document; 

33 

(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim,
setoff, defense or other right that the Borrowers or any Subsidiary may have at
any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or
any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting),
the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any
agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 

(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other
document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged,
fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein
being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the
transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing
under such Letter of Credit; 

(iv) any payment by the L/C Issuer under such
Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not
strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by
the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a
trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of
creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any
beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising
in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or 

(v) any other circumstance or happening
whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other
circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a
discharge of, the Borrowers or any Subsidiary. 

The Borrowers shall promptly
examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is
delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the
Borrowers instructions or other irregularity, the Borrowers will immediately
notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrowers
shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C
Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 

(f) Role of L/C Issuer . Each Lender and each of the
Borrowers agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C
Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any
sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit)
or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document
or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative
Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent,
participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i)
any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the
approval of the Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action
taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or
(iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any
document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrowers hereby assume all risks of the
acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of
any Letter of Credit; provided , however , that this assumption is
not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrowers pursuing such rights
and remedies as they may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or
under any other agreement. None of the
L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties
nor any correspondent, participant 

34 

or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable
or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section
2.03(e) ; provided , however , that anything in such clauses to
the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrowers may have a claim against the L/C
Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrowers, to the extent, but
only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary,
damages suffered by the Borrowers which the Borrowers proves were caused by the
L/C Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence or the L/C Issuer s willful
failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the
beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the
terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the
foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be
in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any
notice or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be
responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or
assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights
or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may
prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. 

(g) Cash Collateral . Upon
the request of the Administrative Agent, (i) if the L/C Issuer has honored any
full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has
resulted in an L/C Borrowing, or (ii) if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration
Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, the Borrowers
shall, in each case, immediately Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount
of all L/C Obligations. Sections 2.05 
and 8.02(c) set forth certain additional requirements to deliver Cash
Collateral hereunder. For purposes of
this Section 2.03 , Section 2.05 and
 Section 8.02(c) , Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit
with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer
and the Lenders, as collateral for the L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account
balances pursuant to the Security Documents. 

(h) Applicability of ISP . Unless
otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrowers when a Letter of
Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter
of Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. 

(i) Letter of Credit Fees . 

(i) The Borrowers jointly and severally in the
case of Letters of Credit which are Financial L/Cs agree to pay, at the times
specified in Section 2.03(i)(iii) below , a fee (a Financial L/C Fee to the Administrative Agent for the
benefit of the Revolving Lenders, equal to the product of (A) the Letter of
Credit Percentage multiplied by (B) the
Maximum Drawing Amount of each Financial L/C on the date of calculation, to be
shared pro rata by each of such Lenders in accordance with their
respective Commitment Percentages. 

(ii) The Borrowers jointly and severally in the
case of Performance L/Cs agree to pay, at the times specified in Section
2.03(i)(iii) below , a fee (a Performance L/C Fee to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Revolving
Lenders, equal to fifty percent (50 of the product of (A) the Letter of
Credit Percentage multiplied by (B) the Maximum Drawing Amount of each such
Letter of Credit on the date of calculation, to be shared pro rata 
by each of such Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitment
Percentages. 

35 

(iii) The Financial L/C Fee and Performance L/C Fee
(collectively, the Letter of Credit Fees and the Fronting Fee (as
defined below) shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the tenth Business Day
after the end of each calendar quarter for the immediately preceding calendar
quarter and on the Maturity Date with respect to the daily Maximum Drawing
Amount of Letters of Credit outstanding during such calendar quarter or portion
thereof. In addition, the Borrowers
jointly and severally agree to pay a fronting fee to the L/C Issuer for its
account in an amount equal to one eighth of one percent (0.125 per annum of
the Maximum Drawing Amount of each Letter of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer
(the Fronting Fee ), plus any customary issuance, amendment, negotiation or
document examination, and other standard costs, charges and administrative fees
of the L/C Issuer in effect from time to time. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request
of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of
Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. 

(j) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In
the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer
Document, the terms hereof shall control. 

2.04 Swing Line Loans. 

(a) The Swing Line . 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line
Lender agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth
in this Section 2.04 , to make loans (each such loan, a Swing Line
Loan to the Borrowers from time to time on any Business Day during the
Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time
outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that
such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the
Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans and L/C Obligations of the Lender acting
as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment; provided ,
 however , that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total
Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (ii) the
aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus 
such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C
Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding
Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, and provided ,
 further , that the Borrowers shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line
Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to
the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section
2.04 , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section
2.04 . Each Swing Line Loan shall be
a Base Rate Loan. 

(b) Borrowing Procedures . Each
Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrowers irrevocable notice to
the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by
telephone. Each such notice must be
received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than
2:30 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to
be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested
borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. 
Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to
the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a written Swing Line Loan
Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer or other
signatories of the Borrowers approved by the Borrowers and the Administrative
Agent. 

36 

Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line
Lender of any telephonic Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will
confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the
Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not,
the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in
writing) of the contents thereof. Unless
the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the
Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2:30
p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing
Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set
forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a) , or
(B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV 
is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the
Swing Line Lender will, not later than 3:00 p.m. on the borrowing date
specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line
Loan available to the Borrower. 

(c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans . 

(i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole
and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrowers (which hereby
irrevocably authorize the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that
each Lender make a Base Rate Committed Loan in an amount equal to such Lender s
Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which
written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes
hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02 , without
regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount
of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate
Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the
Borrowers with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after
delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its
Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice
available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds for the
account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office not later
than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon,
subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii) , each Lender that so makes funds
available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Committed Loan to the
Borrowers in such amount. The
Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line
Lender. 

(ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot
be refinanced by such a Committed Borrowing in accordance with Section
2.04(c)(i) , the request for Base Rate Committed Loans submitted by the
Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the
Swing Line Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the
relevant Swing Line Loan and each Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent
for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) 
shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 

(iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount
required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this
 Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) , the
Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender 

37 

(acting
through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon
for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such
payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum
equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the
Swing Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank
compensation. A certificate of the Swing
Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with
respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent
manifest error. 

(iv) Each Lender s obligation to make Committed
Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant
to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall
not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim,
recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing
Line Lender, the Borrowers or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B)
the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event
or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however ,
that each Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section
2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . No such funding of risk participations shall
relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrowers to repay Swing Line
Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 

(d) Repayment of Participations . 

(i) At any time after any Lender has purchased
and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender
receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender
will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment
(appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the
period of time during which such Lender s risk participation was funded) in the
same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 

(ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line
Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required
to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances
described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered
into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the
Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the
Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the
date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds
Rate. The Administrative Agent will make
such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this
clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination
of this Agreement. 

(e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The
Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrowers for interest
on the Swing Line Loans. Until each
Lender funds its Base Rate Committed Loan or risk participation pursuant to
this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lender s Applicable Percentage of
any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be
solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 

38 

(f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . The
Borrowers shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the
Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 

2.05 Prepayments. 

(a) The Borrowers may, upon notice to the
Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans
in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such
notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m.
(A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate
Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; and (ii) any
prepayment shall be in a principal amount of 250,000 or a whole multiple of
 250,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof
then outstanding. Each such notice shall
specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be
prepaid and whether the Loan to be prepaid is a Committed Loan or Term B
Loan. The Administrative Agent will
promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the
amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrowers, the
Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such
notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan
shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together
with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Each such prepayment shall be applied to the
Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable
Percentages. 

(b) The Borrowers may, upon notice to the Swing
Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time
to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without
premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by
the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on
the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum
principal amount of 100,000. Each such
notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrowers, the
Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such
notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 

(c) If for any reason the Total Revolving
Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, the
Borrowers shall immediately prepay the Committed Loans and/or Cash
Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided ,
 however , that the Borrowers shall not be required to Cash Collateralize
the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless after the
prepayment in full of the Committed Loans the Outstanding Amount of L/C
Obligations exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect. 

2.06 Termination
or Reduction of Commitments. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative
Agent, terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments, or from time to time
permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (i) any such
notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m.
five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such
partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or any whole
multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Borrowers shall not
terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto
and to any 

39 

concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Outstandings
would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (iv) if, after giving effect to any
reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the
amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such Sublimit shall be automatically
reduced by the amount of such excess. 
The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such
notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall
be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable
Percentage. All fees accrued until the
effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on
the effective date of such termination. 

2.07 Repayment of Loans. 

(a) The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on
the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans outstanding
on such date. 

(b) The Borrower shall repay each Swing Line Loan
on the earlier to occur of (i) the date ten Business Days after such Loan is
made and (ii) the Maturity Date. 

2.08 Interest. 

(a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b)
below, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per
annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the
Applicable Rate; (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the
outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a
rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; and
(iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal
amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to
the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Committed Loans. 

(b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not
paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at
stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter
bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to
the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 

(ii) If any amount (other than principal of any
Loan) payable by the Borrowers under any Loan Document is not paid when due
(without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity,
by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders,
such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per
annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by
Applicable Laws. 

(iii) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due
amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon
demand. 

(c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such
other times as may be specified herein. 
Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms
hereof before and after 

40 

judgment, and before and after the
commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 

2.09 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in Section
2.03(i) : 

(a) Commitment Fee . The
Borrowers jointly and severally in accordance with Section 10.12 agree
(to the fullest extent permitted by law) to pay to the Administrative Agent for
the benefit of the Revolving Lenders in accordance with their respective
Applicable Percentages a commitment fee (the Commitment
Fee calculated at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Rate with
respect to the Commitment Fee as in effect from time to time on the daily
amount during each calendar quarter or portion thereof from the Closing Date to
the Maturity Date by which the Aggregate Commitments exceeds the sum of (i) the
Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans , plus 
(ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations during such calendar
quarter. The Commitment Fee shall be
payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June,
September and December, with a final payment on the Maturity Date or any
earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate
during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by
the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such
Applicable Rate was in effect. 

(b) Other Fees . The Borrowers jointly and severally in
accordance with Section 10.12 hereof shall pay to the Arranger and the
Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and
at the times specified in the Fee Letter. 
Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable
for any reason whatsoever. 

2.10 Computation
of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans
when the Base Rate is determined by Bank of America s prime rate shall be
made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual
days elapsed. All other computations of
fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days
elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than
if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). 
Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is
made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on
which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is
repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) ,
bear interest for one day. Each
determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

2.11 Evidence of Debt. 

(a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender
shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender
and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the
Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error
of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and
the interest and payments thereon. Any
failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or
otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount
owing with respect to the Obligations. 
In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained
by any Lender and the accounts and records of the 

41 

Administrative Agent in respect of such
matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in
the absence of manifest error. Upon the
request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers
shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a
Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or
records. Each Lender may attach
schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable),
amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 

(b) In addition to the accounts and records
referred to in subsection (a), each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall
maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing
the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit
and Swing Line Loans. In the event of
any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative
Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters,
the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the
absence of manifest error. 

2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s
Clawback. 

(a) General . All payments to be made by the
Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim,
defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative
Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed,
at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available
funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly
distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share
as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer
to such Lender s Lending Office. All
payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed
received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee
shall continue to accrue. If any payment
to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day,
payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of
time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 

(b) (i) Funding
by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have
received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed
Borrowing of Eurodollar Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Committed Borrowing
of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Committed
Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent
such Lender s share of such Committed Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may
assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in
accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Committed Borrowing
of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in
accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in
reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrowers a corresponding
amount. In such event, if a Lender has
not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to
the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrowers
severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand, which,
in the case of the Borrower, shall be made no earlier than 3 Business Days
after the date of such Lender s failure to fund, such corresponding amount in
immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and
including the date such 

42 

amount is made available to the Borrowers to
but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case
of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate
and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation and (B) in the case of a payment to be
made by the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrowers and such Lender shall pay
such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping
period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrowers the
amount of such interest paid by the Borrowers for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the
applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so
paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in such Committed
Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrowers
shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrowers may have against a Lender
that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by
Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have
received notice from the Borrowers prior to the date on which any payment is
due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C
Issuer hereunder that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the
Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment on
such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption,
distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount
due. In such event, if the Borrowers
have not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer,
as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent
forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer,
in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and
including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date
of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds
Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with
banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

A notice of the
Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrowers with respect to any amount
owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If
any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be
made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article
II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrowers by the
Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension
set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like
funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 

(d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The
obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund
participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments
pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any
Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section
10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender
of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be
responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan,
to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . 

43 

(e) Funding Source . 
Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the
funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a
representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for
any Loan in any particular place or manner. 

2.13 Sharing
of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of
setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal
of or interest on any of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C
Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it resulting in such Lender s
receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans
(including any Loans advanced pursuant to Section 2.14 or participations
and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share of
the Total Outstandings as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such
greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and
(b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and
subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders,
or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of
all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the
aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans
and other amounts owing them, provided that: 

(i) if any such participations or
subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise
thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be
rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery,
without interest; and 

(ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be
construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in
accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained
by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation
in any of its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans
to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary
thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 

Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees,
to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender
acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise
against such Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such
participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such
Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

2.14 Increase in Commitments; Term B Loan. 

(a) Request for Increase of Committed Loans; Term
B Loan . Provided there exists no Default, upon notice
to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders as set
forth in this Section), and subject to the terms of this Section, the Borrowers
may from time to time, (i) request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments in
respect of Committed Loans by an amount not exceeding 100,000,000 less 
any increases effected in connection with subparagraph (a)(ii) of this Section;
and (ii) request a term loan (the Term B Loan in the maximum
principal amount of 100,000,000 less any increases effected pursuant to
subparagraph (a)(i) of this Section; provided that, after giving effect
to any such increase, the 

44 

Aggregate Commitments plus , if
applicable, the outstanding principal amount of the Term B Loan shall not
exceed in the aggregate 450,000,000 minus any previously effected
reductions of the Commitment pursuant to Section 2.06 ). 

(b) Term B Loan Terms and Conditions . To the extent that a Term B Loan is
requested pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, such Term B Loan will, in
addition to compliance with other applicable terms of this Agreement, include
the following terms and conditions: 

(i) Amendment to Schedule A . 
Schedule A shall be amended in the Conforming Amendment referred to
below to set forth the amount of the Term B Loan and the respective Term B Loan
Percentages of each Term B Lender. 

(ii) Evidence of Indebtedness . 

(A) Loan Accounts . Each Term B Lender shall
maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts
evidencing indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender resulting from such
Lender s Term B Loan Percentage of the Term B Loan of such Lender from time to
time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such
Lender from time to time under this Agreement. 
The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall
record (i) the amount of the Term B Loan made hereunder and each Interest
Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and
payable or to become due and payable from the Borrowers to each Term B Lender
hereunder and (iii) both the amount of any sum received by the Administrative
Agent hereunder for the account of the Term B Lenders and each Term B Lender s
share thereof (if any). The entries made
in the accounts maintained by each Term B Lender pursuant to this Section
shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations
of the Borrowers therein recorded; provided , however , that the
failure of any Term B Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain any such
accounts or Term B Note Record, or any error therein, shall not in any manner
affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay (with applicable interest) the
Term B Loan made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If requested by any Term B Lender, the
Borrowers shall execute a promissory note with respect to such Lender s portion
of the Term B Loan. 

(B) Scheduled Installment Payments of Principal
of Term B Loan . The Borrowers jointly and severally promise
to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Term B Lenders, in
accordance with their respective Term B Loan Percentages, the principal amount
of the Term B Loan in such amounts pursuant to the installment schedule to be
attached to the Conforming Amendment, provided that the final installment
payment shall be due and payable no earlier than the Maturity Date. 

(iii) Mandatory Prepayments of Loans . The
Term B Loan shall be subject to customary mandatory and optional prepayment
provisions as agreed upon by and among 

45 

the Borrowers,
the Term B Lenders and the Administrative Agent and set forth in the Conforming
Amendment. 

(iv) Interest on Term Loan . 
Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.08 hereof, the Term B
Loan shall bear interest during each Interest Period relating to all or any
portion of the Term B Loan at a rate to be determined, based on prevailing
market rates for borrowers with similar credit profiles and ratings, and
otherwise acceptable to the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Term B
Lenders, as set forth in the Conforming Amendment. After the Term B Loan has been made, the
provisions of Section 2.02 hereof shall apply mutatis mutandis 
with respect to all or any portion of the Term B Loan so that, to the extent
applicable, the Borrowers may have the same interest rate options with respect
to all or any portion of the Term B Loan as they would be entitled to with
respect to the Committed Loans, provided that the provisions of Article
III of this Agreement shall also apply to the Term B Loan. 

(v) Pari Passu Treatment of Term Loan . The
Term B Loan (A) shall rank pari passu in right of payment and of
security with all other Loans and (B) shall be governed by and subject to all
of the provisions, terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents in every respect as though such Term B Loan was an
original Loan referred to herein and will constitute an Obligation of the
Borrowers hereunder, including, without limitation, the provisions of Section
2.13 hereof. To the extent
conforming changes to this Agreement must be made to effect the addition of a
Term B Loan made in accordance with this Section, such conforming amendment
(the Conforming Amendment will not require the consent of any Lender
other than the Term B Lenders, as well as the consent of the Borrowers and the
Administrative Agent to be effective, but shall be subject to the satisfaction
of each of the conditions set forth in Article IV hereof; provided 
that, upon execution of the Conforming Amendment, the Administrative Agent
shall distribute a copy thereof to all of the Lenders. 

(c) Lender Elections to Commitment Increase or
Fund Term B Loan . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify
the Lenders following receipt of a request by the Borrowers of, as the case may
be, an increase in the Aggregate Commitments in respect of Committed Loans or
funding of the Term B Loan. At the time
of making such request, the Borrowers (in consultation with the Administrative
Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to
respond (which shall not in any event be less than ten (10) Business Days from
the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). Each Lender shall notify the Administrative
Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees, as the case may be, to
increase its Commitment or to fund a portion of the Term B Loan, and, if so,
(i) in the case of an increase in such Lender s Commitment, whether by an
amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Revolving Percentage of such
requested increase, or (ii) in the case of the Term B Loan, the Term B Loan
Percentage of such Lender with respect to the requested Term B Loan. Any Lender not responding within such time
period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment or to
participate in the Term B Loan, as the case may be. 

46 

(d) Notification by Administrative Agent;
Acceding Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall notify the
Borrowers and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made
hereunder. To achieve the full amount of
a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent
(and the L/C Issuer only with respect to an increase in the Aggregate
Commitments), which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld, the Borrowers
may also invite additional one or more commercial banks, other financial
institutions or other Persons (in each case, an Acceding Lender to become party to this
Agreement as a Lender by entering into an Instrument of Accession in
substantially the form of Exhibit H hereto (an Instrument of Accession with the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent and assuming thereunder the rights
and obligations (as the case may be) of a Lender hereunder, including without
limitation, Commitments to make Committed Loans and participate in the risk
relating to Letters of Credit and/or of Term B Lender with respect to the
obligation to fund a portion of the Term B Loan subject to the terms of this
Section, and the Aggregate Commitments and (as the case may be) the Term B Loan
shall be funded (each such increase or funding, as the case may be, referred to
as a Post-Closing Increase by the amount
of such Acceding Lender s interest all in accordance with the provisions of
this Section. The Borrowers shall indemnify the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent for any cost or expense incurred as a consequence of the reallocation of
any Eurodollar Rate Loans to an Acceding Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.05 hereof. 

(e) Closing Date and Allocations . Upon
a request by the Borrower of an increase in the Aggregate Commitments or the
funding of the Term B Loan in accordance with this Section, the Administrative
Agent and the Borrowers shall determine, as applicable, the effective date of
any such increase (any such date, the Increase Closing Date or the
effective date of funding of the Term B Loan (the Term B Loan Date and the final allocation, as the case may be, of any such increase or Term B
Loan. The Administrative Agent shall
promptly notify the Borrowers and the Lenders and Acceding Lenders, if any, of
the final allocation of such increase or Term B Loan. On the Term B Loan Date or any Increase
Closing Date, Schedule 2.01 hereto shall be deemed to be amended to
reflect, as the case may be, (x) the name, address, and, as the case may be,
the Commitment of the Lenders and/or the amount of the Term B Loan advanced or
to be advanced by each Term B Lender (and, if applicable, any Acceding Lender),
(y) the Aggregate Commitments (after giving effect to any Post-Closing
Increase) and the principal amount of the Term B Loan, and (z) the changes to
the respective Applicable Percentages of the Lenders. 

(f) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase of
Committed Loans or Term B Loan . As a condition precedent to such increase in
the Aggregate Commitments or funding of the Term B Loan, as the case may be,
the Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate dated as
of, as applicable, any Increase Closing Date or the Term B Loan Date signed by
a Responsible Officer of the Parent (i) certifying and attaching the
resolutions adopted by the Borrowers approving or consenting to such increase,
(ii) certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the
applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02(a) and (b) will
be satisfied, and (B)(1)such increase or Term B Loan is permitted senior
Indebtedness under the existing Senior Subordinated Debt Documents, and (2) no
default under the existing Senior Subordinated Debt Documents has occurred and
is continuing or would result after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated by such Loans. In addition,
the Borrowers shall prepay any Committed Loans outstanding on any Increase
Closing Date (and pay any additional amounts required under Article III 
of this Agreement) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding 

47 

Committed Loans ratable with any revised
Applicable Percentages in respect of Committed Loans arising from any
nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section. 

(g) Conflicting Provisions . This
Section shall supersede any provisions in Sections 2.13 or 10.01 
to the contrary. 

2.15 Currency
of Account. All of the Loans and Letters of Credit
hereunder shall be denominated and payable in Dollars. If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in
any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in one currency (the first currency into any other currency (the second currency the conversion shall be made
at the Spot Rate of exchange of the Administrative Agent (as conclusively
determined by the Administrative Agent absent manifest error) on the Business
Day preceding the day on which the final judgment is given. If, however, on the Business Day following
receipt by the Administrative Agent in the second currency of any sum adjudged
to be due hereunder (or any proportion thereof) the Administrative Agent
purchases the first currency with the amount of the second currency so received
and the first currency so purchased falls short of the sum originally due
hereunder in the first currency (or the same proportion thereof) the Borrowers,
shall, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any judgment, pay to the
Administrative Agent in the first currency an amount equal to such shortfall. 

ARTICLE III. 
 TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND
ILLEGALITY 

3.01 Taxes. 

(a) No Offset, etc . 
Except as set forth below, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder and
under any of the other Loan Documents shall be made without setoff or
counterclaim and free and clear of and without deduction for any taxes, levies,
imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions, withholdings, compulsory loans,
restrictions or conditions of any nature now or hereafter imposed or levied by
any jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or taxing or other
authority therein unless the Borrowers are compelled by law to make such
deduction or withholding. Except as
otherwise provided in this Section, if any such obligation is imposed upon the
Borrowers with respect to any amount payable by them hereunder or under any of
the other Loan Documents, the Borrowers will pay to the Administrative Agent
for the account of, as the case may be, the applicable Lenders, L/C Issuer or
the Administrative Agent, on the date on which such amount is due and payable
hereunder or under such other Loan Document, such additional amount in Dollars
as shall be necessary to enable the applicable Lenders, L/C Issuer or the
Administrative Agent to receive the same net amount which such Lenders, L/C
Issuer or the Administrative Agent would have received on such due date had no
such obligation been imposed upon the Borrowers; provided , that
notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any
additional amounts to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer
for Excluded Taxes. The Borrowers will deliver promptly to the Lenders and the
L/C Issuer certificates or other valid vouchers for all taxes or other charges
deducted from or paid with respect to payments made by the Borrowers hereunder
or under such other Loan Document. 

48 

(b) Non-U.S. Lenders . Each Lender that is not a U.S. Person as
defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code for federal income tax purposes (a Non-U.S.
Lender agrees that, if and to the extent it is legally able to do so, it
shall, prior to the first date on which any payment is due to it hereunder,
deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent such certificates,
documents or other evidence, as and when required by the Code or Treasury
Regulations issued pursuant thereto, including, (a) in the case of a Non-U.S.
Lender that is a bank for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, two
(2) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8ECI or
successor applicable form, as the case may be, and any other certificate or
statement of exemption required by Treasury Regulations, establishing that,
with respect to payments of principal, interest or fees hereunder, such
Non-U.S. Lender is (i) not subject to United States federal withholding tax
under the Code because such payment is effectively connected with the conduct
by such Non-U.S. Lender of a trade or business in the United States or (ii)
totally exempt or partially exempt from United States federal withholding tax
under a provision of an applicable tax treaty and (b) in the case of a Non-U.S.
Lender that is not a bank for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a
certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the Borrowers and to the effect that (i) such Non-U.S. Lender is not
a bank for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, is not subject to
regulatory or other legal requirements as a bank in any jurisdiction, and has
not been treated as a bank for purposes of any tax, securities law or other
filing or submission made to any Governmental Authority, any application made
to a rating agency or qualification for any exemption from any tax, securities
law or other legal requirements, (ii) is not a ten (10) percent
shareholder for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (iii) is
not a controlled foreign corporation receiving interest from a related person
for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, together with a properly
completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 or W-9, as applicable (or successor
forms). Each Lender agrees that it
shall, promptly upon a change of its lending office or the selection of any
additional lending office, to the extent the forms previously delivered by it
pursuant to this section are no longer effective, and promptly upon the
Borrowers or the Administrative Agent s reasonable request after the
occurrence of any other event (including the passage of time) requiring the
delivery of a Form W-8BEN, Form W-8ECI, Form W-8 or W-9 in addition to or in
replacement of the forms previously delivered, deliver to the Borrowers and the
Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent it is properly
entitled to do so, a properly completed and executed Form W-8BEN, Form W-8ECI,
Form W-8 or W-9, as applicable (or any successor forms thereto). 

(c) The Borrowers shall not be required to pay
any additional amounts to any Non-U.S. Lender in respect of United States
federal withholding tax pursuant to Section 3.01(a) hereof to the extent
that (i) the obligation to withhold such amounts existed on the date such Non-U.S.
Lender became a party to this Agreement or, with respect to payments to a
different lending office designated by the Non-U.S. Lender as its applicable
lending office, the date such Non-U.S. Lender designated such new lending
office with respect to a Loan; or (ii) the obligation to pay such additional
amounts would not have arisen but for a failure by such Non-U.S. Lender to
comply with the provisions of paragraph (b) above. 

(d) In the event that the Borrowers are required
to make such deduction or withholding as a result of the fact that a Lender is
a Non-U.S. Lender, such Lender shall use its reasonable best efforts to
transfer its Loans to an affiliate that is a U.S. Lender if such transfer would
have no adverse effect on such Lender or the Loans. 

49 

(e) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If
the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines, in its sole
discretion, that it has received a refund of any taxes as to which it has been
indemnified by the Borrowers or with respect to which the Borrowers have paid
additional amounts pursuant to this Section, it shall pay to the Borrowers an
amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made,
or additional amounts paid, by the Borrowers under this Section with respect to
the taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the
Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and
without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental
Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrowers,
upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer,
agree to repay the amount paid over to the Borrowers (plus any penalties,
interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to
the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer in the event the
Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer is required to repay such
refund to such Governmental Authority. 
This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer to make available its tax returns (or any
other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the
Borrowers or any other Person. 

3.02 Illegality. If any
Applicable Law has made it unlawful for any Lender or its applicable Lending
Office to make, maintain or fund Eurodollar Rate Loans, or to determine or
charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, then, on notice thereof
by such Lender to the Borrowers through the Administrative Agent, any
obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to
convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until such
Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that the
circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrowers
shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent),
prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to
Base Rate Loans, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if
such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to
such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain
such Eurodollar Rate Loans. Upon any
such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on
the amount so prepaid or converted. 

3.03 Inability
to Determine Rates. If the Required Lenders determine that for
any reason in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a
conversion to or continuation thereof that (a) Dollar deposits are not
being offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar market for the
applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loan,
(b) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the
Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed
Eurodollar Rate Loan, or (c) the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest
Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and
fairly reflect the cost to such Required Lenders of funding such Loan, the
Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrowers and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to
make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended until the
Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes
such notice. Upon receipt of such
notice, the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of,
conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or, failing that, will
be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed
Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 

50 

3.04 Increased Costs. 

(a) Increased Costs Generally . If
any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any
reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar
requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit
extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement
contemplated by Section 3.04(e) or the L/C Issuer; 

(ii) subject any Lender or the L/C Issuer to any
tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fees, deduction or withholdings of any kind
whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any
participation in a Letter of Credit or any Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it, or
change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender or the L/C Issuer in
respect thereof (except for taxes covered by section 3.01 and the
imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any Excluded Taxes of such Lender
or L/C Issuer); or 

(iii) impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the
London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this
Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit
or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall
be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar
Rate Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to
increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing
or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to
participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of
any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder
(whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such
Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Borrowers shall pay to such Lender or the L/C
Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will
compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such
additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b) Capital Requirements . If
any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such
Lender or the L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s
or the L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has
or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the
L/C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s
holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of
such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held
by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level
below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender s or the L/C
Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking
into consideration such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s policies and the policies
of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital
adequacy), then from time to time the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or the
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will
compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s
holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A
certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts
necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its 

51 

holding company, as the case may be, as
specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the
Borrowers shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or the
L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate
within 30 days after receipt thereof. 

(d) Delay in Requests . 
Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand
compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not
constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s right to demand such
compensation, provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to
compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of
this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than
90 Days prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may
be, notifies the Borrowers of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased
costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the L/C Issuer s intention to claim
compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such
increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 90-Day period referred
to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect
thereof). 

(e) Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans . The
Borrowers shall pay to each Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required to
maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or
including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency
liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each
Eurodollar Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to
such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which
determination shall be conclusive), which shall be due and payable on each date
on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Borrowers shall
have received at least 10 days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be
due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice. 

3.05 Compensation
for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to
the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrowers shall promptly compensate
such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense
incurred by it as a result of: 

(a) any continuation, conversion, payment or
prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last
day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory,
automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 

(b) any failure by the Borrowers (for a reason
other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow,
continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the
amount notified by the Borrowers; or 

(c) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a
day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a
request by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 10.14 ; 

including any loss of
anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or
reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable
to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrowers shall also pay any customary
administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 

52 

For purposes of calculating
amounts payable by the Borrowers to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 ,
each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it
at the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing
in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a
comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so
funded. 

3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of
Lenders. 

(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . If
any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrowers
are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental
Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if
any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then such Lender
shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for
funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations
hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the
judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or
reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the
case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section
3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender
to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous
to such Lender. The Borrowers hereby
agree to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in
connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) Replacement of Lenders . If
any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 or is unable to lend
under Section 3.02 , or if the Borrowers are required to pay any
additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account
of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , the Borrowers may replace such
Lender in accordance with Section 10.14 . 

3.07 Survival. All of the
Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination
of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 

ARTICLE IV. 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

4.01 Conditions
of Initial Credit Extension. 
 The obligation of the L/C
Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is
subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the
following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by
originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible
Officer of the signing Borrowers, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case
of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing
Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
and each of the Lenders: 

(i) executed counterparts of this Agreement and
the Security Documents, sufficient in number for distribution to the
Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrower; 

53 

(ii) such certificates of resolutions or other
action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible
Officers of each Borrower as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require
evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer
thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this
Agreement, the Security Documents and the other Loan Documents to which such
Borrower is a party; 

(iii) such documents and certifications as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Borrower is
duly organized or formed, and that each Borrower is validly existing, in good
standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its
ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business
requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(iv) a favorable opinion of Wilmer, Cutler,
Pickering, Hale and Dorr, LLP, and other counsel or special counsel to the
Borrowers, as applicable, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each
Lender, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

(v) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of
each Borrower either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and
approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance
by such Borrower and the validity against such Borrower of the Loan Documents
to which it is a party, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in
full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or
approvals are so required; 

(vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Borrowers certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections
4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied, and (B) that there has been no
event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that
has had or would be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; 

(vii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Borrowers, dated as of the Closing Date, and in form and detail
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, demonstrating that
the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Funded Debt on the Closing Date to (b)
Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters most
recently ended prior to the Closing Date, after giving effect on a pro forma
basis to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not exceed
3.75:1.00; 

(viii) evidence that all insurance required to be
maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents has been obtained and is in effect; 

(ix) satisfactory evidence of the payment of
Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement in accordance with Section
10.17 herein; 

(x) such other assurances, certificates,
documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer,
the Swing Line Lender or the Required Lenders reasonably may require; 

54 

(xi) a completed and fully-executed Perfection
Certificate in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit J for
each of the Borrowers, the results of UCC searches (and the equivalent thereof
in all applicable foreign jurisdictions) with respect to the Collateral,
indicating no Liens other than Permitted Liens and otherwise in form and
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and copies of duly filed
UCC-1 forms for each of the Borrowers in each appropriate jurisdiction and
office under the Uniform Commercial Code; and 

(xii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,
certifying that (a) the Obligations are permitted senior Indebtedness under the
existing Senior Subordinated Debt Documents, and (b) no default under the
existing Senior Subordinated Debt Documents has occurred and is continuing or
would result after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(b) Any fees required to be paid on or before the
Closing Date shall have been paid. 

(c) the Borrower shall have paid all fees,
charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent to the extent
invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date. 

Without limiting the
generality of the provisions of Section 9.04 , for purposes of determining
compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each
Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to,
approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter
required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or
satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received
notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its
objection thereto. 

4.02 Conditions
to all Credit Extensions. 
 The obligation of each
Lender to honor any Request for a Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice
requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of
Eurodollar Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: 

(a) The representations and warranties of the
Borrowers contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which
are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection
herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such
Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties
specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and
correct as of such earlier date and except to the extent of changes resulting
from transactions contemplated or permitted by this Agreement and changes
occurring in the ordinary course of business which singly or in the aggregate
do not have a Material Adverse Effect. 
For purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and
warranties contained in Section 5.05(a) shall be deemed to refer to the
most recent statements furnished pursuant to Section 6.04(a) . 

(b) No Default shall exist, or would result from
such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 

55 

(c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable,
the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for
Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 

Each Request for Credit Extension
(other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other
Type or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) submitted by the Borrowers
shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions
specified in Sections 4.02(a) and/or (b) , as applicable, have
been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 

ARTICLE V. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

The Borrowers jointly and
severally represent and warrant to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative
Agent that, on and as of the date of this Agreement (any disclosure on a
schedule pursuant to this Article V shall be deemed to apply to all
relevant representations and warranties, regardless of whether such schedule is
referenced in each relevant representation): 

5.01 Corporate Authority. 

(a) Incorporation; Good Standing . Each
of the Borrowers (i) is a corporation (or similar business entity) duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing or in current status under the
laws of its respective jurisdiction of organization, (ii) has all requisite
corporate (or the equivalent company or partnership) power to own its property
and conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated, and
(iii) is in good standing as a foreign corporation (or similar business entity)
and is duly authorized to do business in each jurisdiction in which its
property or business as presently conducted or contemplated makes such
qualification necessary except where a failure to be so qualified would not
have a material adverse effect on the business, assets or financial condition
of such Borrower. 

(b) Authorization . The
execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (i) are within the corporate (or the equivalent
company or partnership) authority of each of the Borrowers, (ii) have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate (or other) proceedings, (iii) do not
conflict with or result in any material breach or contravention of any provision
of law, statute, rule or regulation to which any of the Borrowers is subject or
any judgment, order, writ, injunction, license or permit applicable to any of
the Borrowers so as to materially adversely affect the assets, business or any
activity of the Borrowers, and (iv) do not conflict with any provision of the
corporate charter, articles or bylaws (or equivalent other company or
partnership documents) of the Borrowers or any agreement or other instrument
binding upon the Borrowers, including, without limitation, the Indenture. 

(c) Enforceability . The
execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents will result in valid
and legally binding obligations of the Borrowers enforceable against each in
accordance with the respective terms and provisions hereof 

56 

and thereof, except as
enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or other laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors 
rights and except to the extent that availability of the remedy of specific
performance or injunctive relief or other equitable remedy is subject to the
discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. 

5.02 Governmental
Approvals. The
execution, delivery and performance by the Borrowers of the Loan Documents and
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not require any approval or
consent of, or filing with, any governmental agency or authority other than
those already obtained. 

5.03 Title
to Properties; Leases. 
 The Borrowers own all of
the assets reflected in the consolidated balance sheet as at the Balance Sheet
Date or acquired since that date (except property and assets sold or otherwise
disposed of in the ordinary course of business since that date), subject to no
mortgages, Capitalized Leases, conditional sales agreements, title retention
agreements or Liens (except for Permitted Liens). 

5.04 Use
of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans shall be used (a)
to refinance the existing Indebtedness of the Borrowers under the Existing
Credit Agreement, (b) for the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock as
permitted under Section 7.06(i) , (c) for Capital Expenditures and (d)
for working capital, permitted acquisitions, permitted common stock redemption
and repurchases and other general corporate purposes. No proceeds of the Loans are to be used, and
no portion of any Letter of Credit is to be obtained, in any way that will
violate Regulations U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System. The Borrowers will obtain
Letters of Credit solely for general corporate purposes. 

5.05 Financial Statements; Solvency. 

(a) Financial Statements . 
There has been furnished to the Lenders (i) consolidated balance sheets
of the Parent and its Subsidiaries dated the Balance Sheet Date and
consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year then ended, certified
by Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP or an independent accounting firm of national
standing (the Accountants ). 
Said balance sheets and statements of operations have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis as at the
close of business on the date thereof and the results of operations for the
period then ended. There are no
contingent liabilities of the Borrowers as of such dates involving material
amounts, known to the officers of the Borrowers which have not been disclosed
in said balance sheets and the related notes thereto, as the case may be. 

(b) Solvency . The Borrowers as a whole (both
before and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement) are and will be solvent (i.e., they have assets having a fair value
in excess of the amount required to pay their probable liabilities on their
existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and have, and expect to
have, the ability to pay their debts from time to time incurred in connection
therewith as such debts mature. 

57 

5.06 No
Material Changes, Etc. Since
the Balance Sheet Date there have occurred no changes in the financial
condition or business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries (excluding Excluded
Subsidiaries) as shown on or reflected in the consolidated balance sheet of the
Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the Balance Sheet Date or the consolidated
statements of income for the periods then ended that have could reasonably be
expected to have Material Adverse Effect. 
Since the Balance Sheet Date there has not been any Restricted Payment
not otherwise permitted under this Agreement. 

5.07 Permits,
Franchises, Patents, Copyrights, Etc. Each
of the Borrowers possesses all franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks,
trade names, licenses and permits, and rights in respect of the foregoing,
adequate for the conduct of its business substantially as now conducted without
known conflict with any rights of others, except for such franchises, patents,
copyrights, trademarks, trade names, licenses and permits which the Borrowers 
failure to possess could not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.08 Litigation. Except
as shown on Schedule 5.08 hereto, there are no actions, suits,
proceedings or investigations of any kind pending or, to the knowledge of the
Borrowers, threatened against any Borrower before any court, tribunal or
administrative agency or board which could be reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect, considered as a whole, or which question the validity of any of
the Loan Documents, or any action taken or to be taken pursuant hereto or
thereto and none of the scheduled matters individually or in the aggregate
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.09 No
Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. None
of the Borrowers is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the
judgment of the Borrowers officers has or is expected in the future to have a
Material Adverse Effect. None of the
Borrowers is a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the
Borrowers officers has or is expected to have any Material Adverse Effect. 

5.10 Compliance
With Other Instruments, Laws, Etc. None
of the Borrowers is violating any provision of its charter documents or by-laws
(or equivalent company documents) or any agreement or instrument by which any
of them may be subject or by which any of them or any of their properties may
be bound or any decree, order, judgment, or any statute, license, rule or
regulation, in a manner which could result in the imposition of substantial
penalties or have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.11 Tax
Status. The Borrowers have made or filed all United States
federal and state income and all Canadian federal and provincial or territorial
income, as applicable, and all other tax returns, reports and declarations
required by any jurisdiction to which any of them are subject (unless and only
to the extent that any Borrower has set aside on its books provisions
reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes), and
have paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are
material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and
declarations, except those being contested in good faith; and have set aside on
their books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for
periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or
declarations apply to the extent required in accordance with GAAP. All tax returns, report and declarations
required by 

58 

any jurisdiction accurately disclose (except for discrepancies which
are not material) the amount of tax payable by the Borrowers in the relevant
jurisdiction except for the amounts being contested in good faith by the
Borrowers. There are no unpaid taxes in
any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any
jurisdiction, and the officers of the Borrowers know of no basis for any such
claim. 

5.12 Employee Benefit Plans. 

(a) In General . 
 Each Employee Benefit Plan and each Guaranteed Pension Plan has been
maintained and operated in compliance in all material respects with the
provisions of ERISA and, to the extent applicable, the Code, including but not
limited to the provisions thereunder respecting prohibited transactions and the
bonding of fiduciaries and other Persons handling plan funds as required by
 412 of ERISA. Each Borrower has
heretofore delivered to the Administrative Agent the most recently completed
annual report, Form 5500, with all required attachments, and actuarial
statement required to be submitted under 103(d) of ERISA, with respect to each
Guaranteed Pension Plan. 

(b) Terminability of Welfare Plans . No
Employee Benefit Plan, which is an employee welfare benefit plan within the
meaning of 3(1) or 3(2)(B) of ERISA, provides benefit coverage subsequent to
termination of employment, except as required by Title I, Part 6 of
ERISA or the applicable state insurance laws. 
A Borrower may terminate each such Plan at any time (or at any time
subsequent to the expiration of any applicable bargaining agreement) in the discretion
of such Borrower without liability to any Person other than for claims arising
prior to termination. 

(c) Guaranteed Pension Plans . Each
contribution required to be made to a Guaranteed Pension Plan, whether required
to be made to avoid the incurrence of an accumulated funding deficiency, the
notice or lien provisions of 302(f) of ERISA, or otherwise, has been timely
made. No waiver of an accumulated
funding deficiency or extension of amortization periods has been received with
respect to any Guaranteed Pension Plan, and no Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate
is obligated to or has posted security in connection with an amendment to a
Guaranteed Pension Plan pursuant to 307 of ERISA or 401(a)(29) of the
Code. No liability to the PBGC (other
than required insurance premiums, all of which have been paid) has been
incurred by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to any Guaranteed
Pension Plan and there has not been any ERISA Reportable Event (other than an
ERISA Reportable Event as to which the requirement of 30 days notice has been
waived), or any other event or condition which presents a material risk of
termination of any Guaranteed Pension Plan by the PBGC. Based on the latest valuation of each Guaranteed
Pension Plan (which in each case occurred within twelve months of the date of
this representation), and on the actuarial methods and assumptions employed for
that valuation, the aggregate benefit liabilities of all such Guaranteed
Pension Plans within the meaning of 4001 of ERISA did not exceed the aggregate
value of the assets of all such Guaranteed Pension Plans, disregarding for this
purpose the 

59 

benefit liabilities and
assets of any Guaranteed Pension Plan with assets in excess of benefit
liabilities. 

(d) Multiemployer Plans . No
Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any material liability (including
secondary liability) to any Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or
partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan under 4201 of ERISA or as a
result of a sale of assets described in 4204 of ERISA. No Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has been
notified that any Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization or insolvent under
and within the meaning of 4241 or 4245 of ERISA or is at risk of entering
reorganization or becoming insolvent, or that any Multiemployer Plan intends to
terminate or has been terminated under 4041A of ERISA. 

5.13 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests;
Capitalization. 

(a) Subsidiaries . Schedule 5.13(a) hereto sets forth a
complete and accurate list of the Parent s Subsidiaries, and, with respect to
all Borrower Subsidiaries, including the name of such Subsidiary and its
jurisdiction of incorporation, together with the number of authorized and
outstanding Equity Interests of such Subsidiary. Each Subsidiary (other than certain Excluded
Subsidiaries and NELS) is directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the
Parent. The Parent or a Borrower
Subsidiary has good and marketable title to all of the Equity Interests it
purports to own of each Subsidiary (other than Excluded Subsidiaries), free and
clear in each case of any Lien. All such
Equity Interests have been duly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. 

(b) Equity Interests . As
of the March 31, 2005, the authorized capital stock of the Parent consists of
(i) 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock (par value .01 per share)
authorized of which 22,739,148 shares are outstanding, (ii) 1,000,000 shares of
Class B common stock (par value .01 per share) authorized of which 988,200
shares are outstanding, and (iii) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock (par
value .01 per share) authorized of which 53,750 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock are outstanding and held by the Series A Holders. All such outstanding shares have been duly
issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. 
The Series A Holders are set forth in Schedule 5.13(b) . 

(c) Options, Etc . As
of March 31, 2005, except as set forth on Schedule 5.13(c) , no Person
has outstanding any rights (either pre-emptive or other) or options (except for
the options for common stock or other forms of equity-based compensation issued
to employees, consultants or directors in accordance with a bona fide
compensation plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Parent) to
subscribe for or purchase from the Parent, or any warrants or other agreements
providing for or requiring the issuance by the Parent of, any Equity Interests
convertible into or exchangeable for its capital stock. 

5.14 Holding
Company and Investment Company Act. None of the Borrowers is a holding company ,
or a subsidiary company of a holding company , or an affiliate of a holding
company , as such terms are defined in the Public Utility Holding Company Act
of 1935; nor is any of them an investment company , or an affiliated company 
or a principal 

60 

underwriter of an investment company , as such terms are defined in
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

5.15 Absence
of Financing Statements, Etc. Except with respect to Permitted Liens and
as set forth on Schedule 7.01 hereto, there is no effective financing
statement, security agreement, chattel mortgage, real estate mortgage or other
document filed or recorded with any filing records, registry, or other public
office, which covers, affects or gives notice of any present or possible future
Lien on any assets or property of any of the Borrowers or rights thereunder. 

5.16 Environmental Compliance. 

The Borrowers have taken all
necessary steps to investigate the past and present condition and usage of the
Real Properties and the operations conducted thereon and, based upon such
diligent investigation, have determined that, except as shown on Schedule 5.16 : 

(a) none of the Borrowers or Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries, nor any operator of their properties, is in violation, or alleged
violation, of any judgment, decree, order, law, permit, license, rule or
regulation pertaining to environmental matters, including without limitation, those
arising under RCRA, CERCLA, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of
1986 SARA ), the Federal Clean Water Act, the Federal Clean Air Act,
the Toxic Substances Control Act, or any state or local or Canadian federal or
provincial statute, regulation, ordinance, order or decree relating to health,
safety or the environment (the Environmental Laws ), which violation
would have a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(b) except where it would not have a Material
Adverse Effect, no portion of the Real Property has been used for the handling,
processing, storage or disposal of Hazardous Materials and no underground tank
or other underground storage receptacle for Hazardous Materials is located on
such properties; (ii) in the course of any activities conducted by the
Borrowers or Non-Borrower Subsidiaries, or, to the Borrowers knowledge by any
other operators of the Real Property, no Hazardous Materials have been
generated or are being used on such properties; and (iii) to the Borrowers 
knowledge, there have been no unpermitted Releases or threatened Releases of
Hazardous Materials on, upon, into or from the Real Property. 

5.17 Perfection
of Security Interests. All
filings, assignments, pledges and deposits of documents or instruments have
been made or will be made and all other actions have been taken or will be
taken that are necessary under Applicable Law, or reasonably requested by the
Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, to establish and perfect the
Administrative Agent s security interests (as collateral agent for the Lenders
and the Agents) in the Collateral to the extent required pursuant to Section
10.15 hereof. The Collateral and the
Administrative Agent s rights (as collateral agent for the Lenders and the
Agents) with respect to the Collateral are not subject to any setoff, claims,
withholdings or other defenses, except for Permitted Liens. The Borrowers are the owners of the
Collateral free from any lien, security interest, encumbrance and any other
claim or demand, except for Permitted Liens. 

61 

5.18 Certain
Transactions. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.18 
or as permitted in Section 7.08 , and except for arm s length
transactions pursuant to which the Borrowers make payments in the ordinary
course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Borrowers could obtain
from third parties, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the
Borrowers are presently a party to any transaction with the Borrowers (other
than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or
by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise
requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
knowledge of the Borrowers, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity
in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest
or is an officer, director, trustee or partner, the value of such transaction,
when aggregated with all other such transactions occurring during the term of
this Agreement, exceeds the Threshold Amount. 

5.19 True
Copies of Charter and Other Documents. The Borrowers have furnished the
Administrative Agent copies, in each case true and complete as of the Closing
Date, of (a) all charter and other incorporation or constituent documents
(together with any amendments thereto) and (b) by-laws (or equivalent company
documents) (together with any amendments thereto). 

5.20 Disclosure. No
representation or warranty made by the Borrowers in this Agreement or in any
agreement, instrument, document, certificate, statement or letter furnished to
the Lenders or the Administrative Agent by or on behalf of or at the request of
the Borrowers in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by the
Loan Documents contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained
therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which they are made. 

5.21 Guarantees
of Excluded Subsidiaries. Except as permitted under Section 7.03 ,
no Borrower has guaranteed Indebtedness or other financial obligations of any
Excluded Subsidiary. 

5.22 Obligations
Constitute Senior Debt. The Obligations of the Borrowers hereunder
are and will continue to be Senior Debt and Designated Senior Debt under
and as defined in the Indenture. 

ARTICLE VI. 
 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

The
Borrowers covenant and agree that, so long as any Obligation or any Letter of
Credit is outstanding or the Lenders have any obligation to make Loans or the
L/C Issuer has any obligation to issue, extend or renew any Letters of Credit
hereunder, or the Lenders have any obligations to reimburse the L/C Issuer for
drawings honored under any Letter of Credit hereunder: 

6.01 Punctual
Payment. The Borrowers will duly and punctually pay
or cause to be paid the principal and interest on the Loans, all reimbursement
obligations under Section 2.03(c) , and all fees and other amounts
provided for in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents for which they are
liable, all in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and such other Loan
Documents. 

62 

6.02 Maintenance
of Office. The Borrowers will maintain their chief
executive offices at the locations set forth on the Perfection Certificates
delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(xi) , or at such other place in the
United States of America as each Borrower shall designate upon thirty (30) days 
prior written notice to the Administrative Agent. 

6.03 Records
and Accounts. Each of the Borrowers and the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries will (a) keep true and accurate records and books of account in
which full, true and correct entries will be made in accordance with GAAP and
with the requirements of all regulatory authorities, (b) maintain adequate
accounts and reserves for all taxes (including income taxes), depreciation,
depletion, obsolescence and amortization of its properties, all other
contingencies, and all other proper reserves and (c) at all times engage the
Accountants as the independent certified public accountants of the Parent and
its Subsidiaries. 

6.04 Financial
Statements, Certificates and Information. The Borrowers will deliver to the
Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders the following: 

(a) as soon as practicable, but, in any event not
later than ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrowers,
the consolidated balance sheets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end
of such year, statements of cash flows, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, setting forth in comparative form the figures for the previous
fiscal year, all such consolidated financial statements to be in reasonable
detail, prepared, in accordance with GAAP and Certified by the
Accountants. In addition, simultaneously
therewith, the Borrowers will use their best efforts to provide the Lenders
with a written statement from such Accountants to the effect that the Borrowers
are in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11 
hereof, and that, in making the examination necessary to said certification,
nothing has come to the attention of such Accountants that would indicate that
any Default or Event of Default exists, or, if such Accountants shall have
obtained knowledge of any then existing Default or Event of Default they shall
disclose in such statement any such Default or Event of Default; provided ,
that such Accountants shall not be liable to the Lenders for failure to obtain
knowledge of any Default or Event of Default; 

(b) as soon as practicable, but in any event not
later than forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the
Borrowers, copies of the consolidated balance sheets and statement of operations
of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, subject to
year end adjustments, and the related statement of cash flows, all in
reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP with a certification by
the principal financial or accounting officer of the Borrowers (the CFO that such consolidated financial
statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP and fairly present the
consolidated financial condition of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as at
the close of business on the date thereof and the results of operations for the
period then ended; 

(c) simultaneously with the delivery of the
financial statements referred to in (a) and (b) above, (i) a Compliance
Certificate certified by the CFO that the Borrowers are in compliance with the
covenants contained in Article VI and Article VII of this
Agreement as of the end of the applicable period setting forth in reasonable
detail 

63 

computations evidencing such
compliance, provided that, if the Borrowers shall at the time of
issuance of such certificate or at any other time obtain knowledge of any
Default or Event of Default, the Borrowers will include in such Compliance
Certificate or otherwise deliver forthwith to the Lenders a certificate
specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the
Borrowers propose to take with respect thereto and attaching, in the event such
Default or Event of Default relates to Environmental Matters, an Environmental
Compliance Certificate; 

(d) contemporaneously with, or promptly
following, the filing or mailing thereof, copies of all material of a financial
nature filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or sent to the
stockholders of the Parent or any of the Borrowers to the extent the same are
not available on EDGAR; 

(e) as soon as practicable, but in any event not
later than thirty (30) days after the commencement of each fiscal year of the
Borrowers and the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries, a copy of the annual budget,
projections and business plan for the Borrowers and the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries for such fiscal year; and 

(f) from time to time such other financial data
and other information (including accountants management letters) as the
Lenders may reasonably request. 

The Borrowers hereby
authorize the Lenders to disclose any information obtained pursuant to this
Agreement to all appropriate governmental regulatory authorities where required
by Applicable Law; provided , however , that the Lenders shall, to
the extent practicable and allowable under Applicable Law, notify the Borrowers
within a reasonable period prior to the time any such disclosure is made; and provided 
 further , this authorization shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any
rights to object to the disclosure by the Lenders of any such information which
any Borrower has or may have under the federal Right to Financial Privacy Act
of 1978, as in effect from time to time. 

Documents required to be
delivered pursuant to this Section (to the extent any such documents are
included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC and available in EDGAR) may
be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been
delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrowers post such documents, or provide
a link thereto on the Borrowers website on the Internet at the website address
listed on Schedule 10.02 ; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on
the Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each
Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial,
third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided 
that: (i) the Borrowers shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests the Borrowers to deliver such
paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given
by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Borrowers shall notify
the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of
the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by
electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such
documents. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein, in every instance the Borrowers shall be required to provide
paper copies of the Compliance Certificates required by this Section to the
Administrative Agent. Except for such
Compliance Certificates, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to 

64 

request the delivery or to maintain copies of
the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility
to monitor compliance by the Borrowers with any such request for delivery, and
each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or
maintaining its copies of such documents. 

The Borrowers hereby
acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger will make
available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or information
provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrowers
Materials by posting the Borrowers Materials on IntraLinks or another
similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the
Lenders may be public-side Lenders i.e., Lenders
that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the
Borrower or its securities) (each, a Public Lender ). The Borrowers hereby agree that (w) all
Borrowers Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be
clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that
the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by
marking Borrowers Materials PUBLIC, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have
authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the L/C Issuer and the
Lenders to treat such Borrowers Materials as not containing any material
non-public information with respect to the Borrowers or their securities for
purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however ,
that to the extent such Borrowers Materials constitute Information, they shall
be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 ); (y) all Borrowers Materials
marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the
Platform designated Public Investor; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the
Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrowers Materials that are not marked
 PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not
designated Public Investor. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Borrowers shall be under no obligation to mark any Borrowers
Materials PUBLIC. 

6.05 Legal
Existence and Conduct of Business. Except where the failure of a Borrower or
Non-Borrower Subsidiary to remain so qualified would not have a Material
Adverse Effect, each Borrower and each Non-Borrower Subsidiary will do or cause
to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect
its legal existence, legal rights and franchises; effect and maintain its foreign
qualifications, licensing, domestication or authorization except as terminated
by its Board of Directors in the exercise of its reasonable judgment; use its
best efforts to comply with all Applicable Laws; and shall not become obligated
under any contract or binding arrangement which, at the time it was entered
into would have a Materially Adverse Effect on the Borrowers and Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Each
Borrower and each Non-Borrower Subsidiary will continue to engage primarily in
the businesses now conducted by it and in related businesses. 

6.06 Maintenance
of Properties. The Borrowers and the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries will cause all material properties used or useful in the conduct
of their businesses to be maintained and kept in good condition, repair and
working order and supplied with all necessary equipment and will cause to be
made all necessary repairs, renewals, replacements, betterments and
improvements thereof, all as in the judgment of the Borrowers and Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries may be necessary so that the businesses carried on in connection
therewith may be properly and advantageously conducted at all times; provided ,
 however , that nothing in this section shall prevent any Borrower or
Non-Borrower Subsidiary from discontinuing the operation and maintenance of any
of its properties if such discontinuance is, in the judgment of 

65 

such Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiary, desirable in the conduct of
its or their business and which does not in the aggregate have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

6.07 Maintenance
of Insurance. The Borrowers and the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries will maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance
companies, funds or underwriters insurance, including self-insurance, of the
kinds, covering the risks and in the relative proportionate amounts usually
carried by reasonable and prudent companies conducting businesses similar to
that of the Borrowers and Non-Borrower Subsidiaries. In addition, the Borrowers and the
Non-Borrower Subsidiaries will furnish from time to time, upon the
Administrative Agent s request, a summary of the insurance coverage of each of
the Borrowers and Non-Borrower Subsidiaries, which summary shall be in form and
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and, if requested by the
Administrative Agent, will furnish to the Administrative Agent copies of the
applicable policies of the Borrowers naming the Administrative Agent as a loss
payee thereunder . 

6.08 Taxes. The Borrowers
and the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries will each duly pay and discharge, or cause to
be paid and discharged, before the same shall become overdue, all material
taxes, assessments and other governmental charges (other than taxes,
assessments and other governmental charges imposed by jurisdictions other than
the United States or Canada or a political division thereof which in the
aggregate are not material to the business or assets of any Borrower or
Non-Borrower Subsidiary on an individual basis or of the Borrowers and
Non-Borrower Subsidiaries taken as a whole) imposed upon it and its real
properties, sales and activities, or any part thereof, or upon the income or
profits therefrom, as well as all claims for labor, materials, or supplies,
which if unpaid might by law become a lien or charge upon any of its property; provided ,
 however , that any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim need not
be paid if the validity or amount thereof shall currently be contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and if such Borrower or Non-Borrower
Subsidiary shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect
thereto; and provided , further , that such Borrower and
Non-Borrower Subsidiary will pay all such taxes, assessments, charges, levies
or claims forthwith upon the commencement of proceedings to foreclose any lien
which may have attached as security therefor. 

6.09 Inspection
of Properties, Books and Contracts. The Borrowers shall permit the Lenders, the
Administrative Agent or any of their designated representatives, upon
reasonable notice, to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Borrowers,
to examine the books of account of the Borrowers (including the making of
periodic accounts receivable reviews), or contracts (and to make copies thereof
and extracts therefrom), and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of
the Borrowers with, and to be advised as to the same by, their officers, all at
such times and intervals as the Lenders or the Agents may reasonably request. 

6.10 Compliance
with Laws, Contracts, Licenses and Permits; Maintenance of Material Licenses
and Permits. Each Borrower will, and will cause the
Non-Borrower Subsidiaries to, except where noncompliance would not have a
Material Adverse Effect (a) comply with the provisions of its charter
documents, articles of incorporation, other constituent documents and by-laws
and all agreements and instruments by which it or any of its properties may be
bound; (b) comply with all Applicable Laws and regulations (including Environmental
Laws), decrees, orders, judgments, licenses and permits, including, without
limitation, all 

66 

environmental permits hereto Applicable Laws (c) comply in
all material respects with all agreements and instruments by which it or any of
its properties may be bound; (d) maintain all material operating permits for
all landfills now owned or hereafter acquired; and (e) dispose of hazardous
waste only at licensed disposal facilities operating, to the best of such
Borrower s knowledge after reasonable inquiry, in compliance with Environmental
Laws. If at any time while any Loan or
Letter of Credit is outstanding or any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the
Administrative Agent has any obligation to make Loans or issue Letters of
Credit hereunder, any authorization, consent, approval, permit or license from
any officer, agency or instrumentality of any government shall become necessary
or required in order that any Borrower may fulfill any of its obligations hereunder,
such Borrower will immediately take or cause to be taken all reasonable steps
within the power of such Borrower to obtain such authorization, consent,
approval, permit or license and furnish the Lenders with evidence thereof. 

6.11 Environmental
Indemnification. The Borrowers covenant and agree that they will
jointly and severally, in accordance with Section 10.12 , indemnify and
hold the Agents, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and their respective
affiliates, agents, directors, officers and shareholders, harmless from and
against any and all claims, expense, damage, loss or liability incurred by such
indemnified parties (including all costs of legal representation incurred by
such indemnified parties) relating to (a) any Release or threatened Release of
Hazardous Materials on the Real Property; (b) any violation of any
Environmental Laws with respect to conditions at the Real Property or the
operations conducted thereon; or (c) the investigation or remediation of
offsite locations at which the Borrowers, or their predecessors are alleged to
have directly or indirectly Disposed of Hazardous Materials. It is expressly acknowledged by the Borrowers
that this covenant of indemnification shall survive any foreclosure or any
modification, release or discharge of any or all of the Security Documents or
the payment of the Loans and shall inure to the benefit of the Agents and the
Lenders and their respective successors and assigns. 

6.12 Further
Assurances. The Borrowers will cooperate with the
Lenders and the Administrative Agent and execute such further instruments and
documents as the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request
to carry out to their satisfaction the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. 

6.13 Notice
of Potential Claims or Litigation. The Borrowers shall deliver to the Lenders
and the Administrative Agent, within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof,
written notice of the initiation of any action, claim, complaint, or any other
notice of dispute or potential litigation (including without limitation any
alleged violation of any Environmental Law), wherein the potential liability is
in excess of 2,500,000, or could otherwise reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, together with a copy of each such notice received by
any Borrower. 

6.14 Notice of Certain Events Concerning Insurance
and Environmental Claims. 

(a) The Borrowers will provide the Lenders and
the Agents with written notice as to any material cancellation or material
adverse change in any insurance of any of the Borrowers within ten (10)
Business Days after such Borrower s receipt of any notice (whether formal or
informal) of such material cancellation or material change by any of its
insurers. 

67 

(b) The Borrowers will promptly notify the
Lenders and the Agents in writing of any of the following events: 

(i) upon any Borrower s obtaining knowledge of
any violation of any Environmental Law which violation could have a Material
Adverse Effect; 

(ii) upon any Borrower s obtaining knowledge of
any potential or known Release, or threat of Release, of any Hazardous
Materials at, from, or into the Real Property which could have a Material
Adverse Effect; 

(iii) upon any Borrower s receipt of any notice of
any material violation of any Environmental Law or of any Release or threatened
Release of Hazardous Materials, including a notice or claim of liability or
potential responsibility from any third party (including any federal, state,
provincial, territorial or local governmental officials) and including notice
of any formal inquiry, proceeding, demand, investigation or other action with
regard to (A) any Borrower s or any Person s operation of the Real Property,
(B) the presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on, from, or into the Real
Property, or (C) investigation or remediation of offsite locations at which any
Borrower or its predecessors are alleged to have directly or indirectly
Released Hazardous Substances, and, in each case, with respect to which the
liability associated therewith could be reasonably expected to exceed the
Threshold Amount; or 

(iv) upon any Borrower s obtaining knowledge that
any expense or loss which individually or in the aggregate exceeds the
Threshold Amount has been incurred by such Governmental Authority in connection
with the assessment, containment, removal or remediation of any Hazardous
Materials with respect to which any Borrower may be liable or for which a Lien
may be imposed on the Real Property. 

6.15 Notice
of Default. The Borrowers will promptly notify the
Lenders and the Administrative Agent in writing of the occurrence of any
Default or Event of Default. If any
Person shall give any notice or take any other action in respect of a claimed
default (whether or not constituting an Event of Default) under this Agreement
or any other note, evidence of Indebtedness, indenture or other obligation
evidencing Indebtedness in excess of the Threshold Amount (including, without
limitation, the Indenture) as to which any Borrower is a party or obligor,
whether as principal or surety, the Borrowers shall forthwith give written
notice thereof to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, describing the
notice of action and the nature of the claimed default. 

6.16 Closure
and Post Closure Liabilities. The Borrowers shall at all times adequately
accrue, in accordance with GAAP, and fund, as required by applicable
Environmental Laws, all closure and post closure liabilities with respect to
the operations of the Borrowers and the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries. 

68 

6.17 Subsidiaries. The Parent
shall at all times directly or indirectly through a Subsidiary own all of the
Equity Interests of each Subsidiary (other than the Excluded Subsidiaries and
NELS). 

6.18 Interest
Rate Protection. The Borrowers will, within ninety (90) days
of the Closing Date, have a minimum aggregate amount of not less than 30 of
the notional amount of Consolidated Total Funded Debt as of the Effective Date
on a fixed rate long term basis (whether through Swap Contracts or as a result
of having a fixed rate of interest by its terms) on terms and conditions
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

6.19 Additional
Borrowers. To the extent that such creation or
acquisition is permitted under this Agreement, all newly-created or
newly-acquired Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries and Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries) shall become Borrowers hereunder by, if applicable, signing
allonges to the Notes, entering into a joinder and affirmation to this
Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit G attached hereto (a Joinder
Agreement providing that such Subsidiary shall become a Borrower
hereunder, and providing such other documentation as the Lenders or the
Administrative Agent may reasonably request including, without limitation,
documentation with respect to conditions noted in Section 4.01 and 4.02 
hereof. In such event, the
Administrative Agent is hereby authorized by the parties to amend Schedule 1 
hereto to include such Subsidiary as a Borrower hereunder. 

ARTICLE
VII. 
 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

So long as any Lender shall
have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall
remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding: 

7.01 Liens. None of the
Borrowers or the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly,
create or incur or suffer to be created or incurred or to exist any Lien, of
any kind upon any property or assets of any character (including, without
limitation, any of the Collateral), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or
upon the income or profits therefrom; or transfer any of such property or
assets or the income or profits therefrom for the purpose of subjecting the
same to the payment of Indebtedness or performance of any other obligation in
priority to payment of its general creditors; or acquire, or agree or have an
option to acquire, any property or assets upon conditional sale or other title
retention or purchase money security agreement, device or arrangement; or
suffer to exist for a period of more than thirty (30) days after the same shall
have become payable any Indebtedness or claim or demand against it which if
unpaid might by law or upon bankruptcy or insolvency, or otherwise, be given
any priority whatsoever over its general creditors; or sell, assign, pledge or
otherwise transfer any accounts, contract rights, general intangibles or
chattel paper, with or without recourse, except as follows (the Permitted Liens ): 

(a) Liens on property to secure Indebtedness
permitted under Section 7.03(e) hereof, provided that such Liens (i)
shall encumber only the specific equipment being 

69 

financed or leased, (ii) shall
not exceed the fair market value thereof and (iii) shall not encumber property
with an aggregate value in excess of 40,000,000; 

(b) Liens to secure taxes, assessments and other
government charges or claims for labor, material or supplies in respect of
obligations not overdue and government liens in existence less than 90 days
from the date of creation thereof to secure taxes, assessments, charges, levies
or claims being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings if the
applicable Borrower shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves with
respect thereto; 

(c) Deposits or pledges made in connection with,
or to secure payment of, workmen s compensation, unemployment insurance, old
age pensions or other social security obligations; 

(d) Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics
and materialmen, and other like liens, in existence less than 120 days from the
date of creation thereof in respect of obligations not overdue; 

(e) Encumbrances consisting of easements, rights
of way, zoning restrictions, restrictions on the use of Real Property and
defects and irregularities in the title thereto, landlord s or lessor s liens
under leases to which any Borrower is a party, and other minor liens or
encumbrances none of which in the opinion of the respective Borrower interferes
materially with the use of the property affected in the ordinary conduct of the
business of such Borrower, which defects do not individually or in the
aggregate have a material adverse effect on the business of such Borrower individually
or of the Borrowers on a consolidated basis; 

(f) Liens existing as of the date hereof securing
Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 hereof and listed on Schedule
7.01 hereto; 

(g) Liens granted pursuant to the Security
Documents to secure the Obligations (including secured Obligations hereunder
with respect to Fuel Derivatives Obligations with Lenders); 

(h) Liens granted to secure Indebtedness with
respect to IRBs permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(o) only with respect
to assets acquired and/or financed by such IRBs; and 

(i) Liens on the Equity Interests of the Excluded
Subsidiaries. 

7.02 Investments. None of the
Borrowers or the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries (other than the Insurance
Subsidiary) shall, directly or indirectly, make or permit to exist or to remain
outstanding any other Investment other than (collectively, Permitted
Investments ): 

(a) Investments in obligations of the United
States of America or Canada and agencies thereof and obligations guaranteed by
the United States of America or Canada that are due and payable within one (1)
year from the date of acquisition; 

70 

(b) certificates of deposit, time deposits,
bankers acceptances or repurchase agreements which are fully insured or are
issued by commercial banks organized under the laws of the United States of
America or any state thereof or Canada and having total assets in excess of
 1,000,000,000; 

(c) commercial paper maturing not more than nine
(9) months from the date of issue, provided that, at the time of
purchase, such commercial paper is not rated lower than P-1 by Moody s or A-1 
by S 

(d) Investments associated with insurance
policies required or allowed by state or provincial law to be posted as
financial assurance for landfill closure and post-closure liabilities; 

(e) Investments by any Borrower in any other
Borrower; 

(f) Investments existing on the Closing Date and
listed on Schedule 7.02 hereto; 

(g) any money market account, short-term asset
management account or similar investment account maintained with one of the
Lenders; 

(h) loans made to employees of any of the
Borrowers in an aggregate amount not to exceed 2,000,000 at any time
outstanding; 

(i) Investments in the form of Permitted
Acquisitions permitted pursuant to Section 7.04(a) hereof and
Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 hereof; and 

(j) Investments after the Closing Date in
Excluded Subsidiaries not to exceed in the aggregate 75,000,000 outstanding at
any time; 

(k) Investments in the Insurance Subsidiary not
to exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding; and 

(l) temporary Investments in De Minimis
Subsidiaries made solely in connection with their liquidation or dissolution. 

provided ; that none of the Borrowers or Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries shall make any Investment in any Excluded Subsidiary unless both
before and after giving effect thereto there does not exist a Default or Event
of Default and no Default or Event of Default would be created by the making of
such Investment. 

7.03 Indebtedness. None of the
Borrowers or the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly,
become in any way obligated under a guarantee or become or be a surety of, or
otherwise create, incur, assume, or be or remain liable, contingently or
otherwise, with respect to any Indebtedness, or become or be responsible in any
manner (whether by agreement to purchase any obligations, stock, assets, goods
or services, or to supply or advance any funds, assets, goods or services or
otherwise) with respect to any undertaking or Indebtedness of any other Person,
or incur any Indebtedness other than: 

71 

(a) Indebtedness of the Borrowers to the Lenders,
the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent arising under this Agreement and
the Loan Documents; 

(b) Subject to Section 7.09 , Seller
Subordinated Debt not to exceed 15,000,000 in aggregate outstanding principal
amount at any time; 

(c) Existing Indebtedness of the Borrowers with
respect to loans and Capitalized Leases listed on Schedule 7.03 
hereto, on the terms and conditions in effect as of the date hereof, together
with any renewals, extensions or refinancings thereof on terms which are not
materially different than those in effect as of the Closing Date; 

(d) Endorsements for collection, deposit or
negotiation and warranties of products or services (including unsecured
performance and payment bonds Performance Bonds )), in each case
incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) Indebtedness of the Borrowers incurred in
connection with the acquisition or lease of any equipment by the Borrowers
under any Synthetic Lease, Capitalized Lease or other lease arrangement or
purchase money financing; provided that the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness of the Borrowers
(including Indebtedness of such type listed on Schedule 7.03 shall not exceed 40,000,000 at
any time (excluding Indebtedness with respect to any Capital Leases that are
landfill operating and management leases); 

(f) Indebtedness of the Borrowers to any of the
Lenders or any of their Affiliates under fuel price swaps, fuel price caps, and
fuel price collar or floor agreements, and similar agreements or arrangements
designed to protect against or manage fluctuations in fuel prices with respect
to fuel purchased in the ordinary course of business of the Borrowers Fuel Derivatives Obligations ), provided that the maturity of such agreements
do not exceed thirty-six (36) months and the terms thereof are consistent with
past practices of the Borrowers; 

(g) Indebtedness of the Borrowers in respect of
non-speculative Swap Contracts on terms consistent with past practices of the
Borrowers (other than those described in subsection (f) above); 

(h) Other unsecured Indebtedness incurred in
connection with the acquisition by the Borrowers of real or personal property,
including any Indebtedness incurred with respect to non-compete payments in
connection with such acquisition(s), provided that the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness of the Borrowers shall not
exceed 15,000,000 at any time; 

(i) Intercompany Indebtedness among the Borrowers
and the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries; 

(j) Indebtedness with respect to mandatory
redemption obligations as set forth in the Series A Certificate and accrued
dividends on the Borrower s preferred stock; provided
 that no Restricted Payments shall be made with respect to such Indebtedness 

72 

during the term of this
Agreement except as set forth in Section 7.06 hereof, or as otherwise
permitted by the prior written consent of the Required Lenders; 

(k) Senior Subordinated Debt not to exceed
 350,000,000 in aggregate principal amount; 

(l) Surety and similar bonds and completion bonds
and bid guarantees provided by or issued on behalf of the Borrowers with
respect to the closure, final-closure and post-closure liabilities related to
landfills owned or operated by the Borrowers; provided that the
aggregate amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed 150,000,000 at any time
outstanding; 

(m) Indemnification, adjustment of purchase price
or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with
the Permitted Acquisitions or permitted dispositions of Equity Interests or
assets of the Borrowers; provided that the maximum aggregate liability
in respect of all such obligations shall at no time exceed the gross proceeds,
including non-cash proceeds, (the fair market value of such non-cash proceeds
being measured at the time received or paid and without giving effect to any
subsequent changes in value) actually received or paid by the Borrowers in
connection with such Permitted Acquisition or disposition; 

(n) [Reserved] 

(o) Indebtedness with respect to IRBs, provided 
that, other than with respect to L/C Supported IRBs, such Indebtedness shall
not exceed 100,000,000 at any time outstanding; 

(p) Guarantees of Indebtedness permitted pursuant
to this Section 7.03(a) to (o) made by any of the Borrowers, provided 
that the amount of such guarantees does not exceed the amount of the underlying
Indebtedness and that any guarantees of Subordinated Debt are equally
subordinated; and 

(q) Guarantees of Indebtedness of the Excluded
Subsidiaries not exceeding 35,000,000 in the aggregate. 

7.04 Mergers; Consolidation; Sales. 

(a) Mergers and Acquisitions . None of the Borrowers or Foreign
Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, become a party to any merger,
amalgamation, or consolidation, or agree to or effect any asset acquisition or
stock acquisition (other than the acquisition of assets in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practices or the acquisition of Excluded
Subsidiaries permitted under Section 7.02(j) except the merger or
consolidation of, or asset or stock acquisitions between Borrowers and except
as otherwise provided in this Section 7.04(a) . The Borrowers and the Foreign Subsidiaries
may purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the assets or
stock or other equity interests of any other Person (a Permitted Acquisition provided that : 

73 

(i) the Borrowers are in current compliance with
and, giving effect to the proposed acquisition (including any borrowings made
or to be made in connection therewith), will continue to be in compliance with
all of its covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, including the
financial covenants in Section 7.11 hereof on a pro forma historical
combined basis as if the transaction occurred on the first day of the period of
measurement; 

(ii) at the time of such acquisition, no Default
or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and such acquisition will
not otherwise create a Default or an Event of Default hereunder; 

(iii) the business to be acquired is predominantly
in the same lines of business as the Borrowers, or businesses reasonably
related or incidental thereto (e.g., non-hazardous solid waste collection,
transfer, hauling, recycling, or disposal); 

(iv) the business to be acquired operates predominantly
in the United States or Canada; 

(v)(A)
in the case of an asset acquisition, all of the assets acquired shall be
acquired by an existing Borrower or a newly-created wholly-owned Subsidiary of
the Parent, which, if it is a U.S. Subsidiary, shall become a Borrower
hereunder in accordance with Section 6.19 , and 100 of its Equity
Interests and its assets shall be pledged simultaneously with such acquisition
to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders and the Agents, (B)
in the case of an acquisition of Equity Interests of a U.S. company, the
acquired company, simultaneously with such acquisition, shall become a Borrower
in accordance with Section 6.19 and 100 of its Equity Interests and its
assets shall be pledged simultaneously with such acquisition to the
Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent or the acquired company shall be merged or amalgamated with and into a
wholly-owned Subsidiary that is a Borrower and such newly-acquired or
newly-created Subsidiary shall otherwise comply with the provisions of Section
6.19 hereof; or (C) in the case of acquisition of Equity Interests of a
foreign Person that, in connection therewith, becomes a Foreign Subsidiary, the
acquiring Borrower shall pledge 65 of the Equity Interests of such Foreign
Subsidiary simultaneously with such acquisition to the Administrative Agent for
the benefit of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. 

(vi) if the total consideration in connection with
any such acquisition, including the aggregate amount of all liabilities
assumed, but excluding the payment of all fees and expenses relating to such
purchase, exceeds the Threshold Amount (a Material
Acquisition ), then not later than seven (7) days prior to the proposed
acquisition date, the Borrowers shall furnish the Administrative Agent with (i)
a copy of the purchase agreement, (ii) its audited (if available, or otherwise
unaudited) financial statements for the preceding two (2) fiscal years or such
shorter period of time as such entity or division has been in existence, (iii)
a summary of the Borrowers results of their standard due diligence review,
(iv) in the case of a landfill acquisition or if the target company owns a
landfill, a review by a Consulting Engineer and a copy of the Consulting
Engineer s report, (v) a Compliance Certificate demonstrating compliance with Section 7.11 

74 

hereof on a pro forma
historical combined basis as if the transaction occurred on the first day of
the period of measurement, (vi) written evidence that the board of directors
and (if required by Applicable Law) the shareholders, or the equivalent
thereof, of the business to be acquired have approved such acquisition, and
(vii) such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request, which in each case shall be in form and substance acceptable to the
Administrative Agent; 

(vii) the board of directors and (if required by
Applicable Law) the shareholders, or the equivalent thereof, of the business to
be acquired shall have approved such acquisition; 

(viii) if such acquisition is made by a merger or
amalgamation, a Borrower, or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Parent (which may
be the acquired company) which shall become a Borrower in connection with such
merger, shall be the surviving entity, except with respect to an Excluded
Subsidiary or Non-Borrower Subsidiary; provided , that if the surviving
entity is a Foreign Subsidiary, the applicable Borrower shall pledge 65 of the
Equity Interests of such Foreign Subsidiary simultaneously with such merger or
amalgamation to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent; and 

(ix) cash consideration to be paid by any Borrower
in connection with any acquisition or series of related acquisitions (including
cash deferred payments, contingent or otherwise, and the aggregate amount of
all Indebtedness assumed or, in the case of an acquisition of Equity Interests,
including all Indebtedness of the target company) shall not exceed 20,000,000
without the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. 

(b) Dispositions of Assets . Except as otherwise provided in this
Section, none of the Borrowers or the Foreign Subsidiaries shall, directly or
indirectly, become a party to or agree to or effect any disposition of assets; provided 
that, subject to any mandatory repayment provisions in respect of the Term B
Loan set forth in the Conforming Amendment, so long as no Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, during the term of this Agreement, the
Borrowers and the Foreign Subsidiaries may (i) sell or transfer assets
(including in connection with an asset swap) or Equity Interests having an
aggregate fair market value not in excess of 5 of Consolidated Total Assets
(the Basket ), for fair and reasonable value, as determined by the
board of directors of the Parent in good faith and evidenced by a resolution of
such directors which shall be delivered by the Parent to the Administrative
Agent prior to the consummation of such sale or transfer, and, in the case of
an asset swap, so long as such asset swap in the reasonable business judgment
of the Parent does not have a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) sell the Equity
Interests or assets of the Specified Entities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the sale of inventory, the licensing of
intellectual property and the disposition of obsolete assets or assets that are
no longer useful, in each case in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices, are permitted hereunder without being charged against the
Basket. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Section 7.04 , the Borrowers and the Foreign Subsidiaries may merge,
amalgamate or liquidate any De Minimis Subsidiaries. 

75 

7.05 Reserved. 

7.06 Restricted
Payments. None of the Borrowers or the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries (other than the Insurance Subsidiary) shall, directly or
indirectly, make any Restricted Payments except that, (a) any Subsidiary may
declare or pay Distributions to the Parent or its own parent, (b) the Parent
may cause quarterly Distributions on its preferred stock (including the Series
A Preferred Stock) to accrue and be added to the liquidation value of such
preferred stock, (c) the Parent may convert all or a portion of the Series A
Preferred Stock into shares of its common stock; provided , however, that
such conversion shall not be made unless permitted under the terms of the
Senior Subordinated Debt Documents, (d) NELS may make ratable distributions to
its equity holders and make payments under contracts or other arrangements
entered into with any of its equity holders, and (e) provided no Default or
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Parent may pay cash
Distributions not to exceed 3,500,000 per fiscal year in connection with the
Series A Preferred Stock. In addition,
except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Section, the Borrowers shall
not prepay, redeem, convert, retire, repurchase or otherwise acquire shares of
any class of Equity Interests of the Borrowers or Non-Borrower Subsidiaries
without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required
Lenders, provided that, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing, the Parent shall be permitted to: 

(i) redeem the Series A Preferred Stock for a
price not to exceed 77,000,000 so long as, after giving effect to the
redemption and any Borrowing incurred to accomplish such redemption on a pro
forma basis, the ratio of (A) Consolidated Total Funded Debt as of such date to
(B) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters
ending prior to such date shall not exceed 4.50:1.00; and 

(ii) repurchase its common stock for a maximum
aggregate amount of 30,000,000 during the period from the Closing Date to the
Maturity Date (or such earlier date as the Commitments are terminated pursuant
to the terms hereunder) so long as, after giving effect to any Borrowing
incurred to accomplish such repurchase on a pro forma basis, the ratio of (A)
Consolidated Total Funded Debt as of such date to (B) Consolidated EBITDA for
the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to such date
shall not exceed 4.00:1.00. 

7.07 Change
in Nature of Business. None of the Borrowers or the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, engage in any material line of
business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the
Borrower and Non-Borrower Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business
substantially related or incidental thereto. 

7.08 Transactions
with Affiliates. None of the Borrowers or the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, enter into any transaction of any
kind with any Affiliate (other than for services as employees, officers and
directors of any of the Borrowers or Non-Borrower Subsidiaries), whether or not
in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms
substantially as favorable to the Borrowers or Non-Borrower Subsidiaries as
would be obtainable by the Borrowers or Non-Borrower Subsidiaries at the time
in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate. 

76 

7.09 Burdensome
Agreements; Negative Pledges. None of the Borrowers or the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, enter into any Contractual
Obligation (other than this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Senior Subordinated
Debt Documents) that limits the ability (a) of any Subsidiary (other than the
Excluded Subsidiaries or the Insurance Subsidiary) to make Restricted Payments
to the Parent or to otherwise transfer property to the Parent, or (b) of any of
the Borrowers or Non-Borrower Subsidiaries (other than the Insurance
Subsidiary) to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens in favor of the
Administrative Agent on property of such Person; provided , however ,
that this clause (ii) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred or
provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section
7.03(e) hereof solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the
property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness. 

7.10 Use
of Proceeds. None of the Borrowers shall use the proceeds
of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether
immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock
(within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB), except as set forth in section
5.04 (provided it is not in violation of Regulation U of the FRB), or to
extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock
or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose or for any
purpose other than as set forth in Section 5.04 hereof. 

7.11 Financial Covenants. 

For the avoidance of doubt,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, it is understood
that the following financial covenants shall be calculated exclusive of the
assets, liabilities (except for liabilities of the Excluded Subsidiaries that
are recourse to the Borrowers), net worth and operations of the Excluded
Subsidiaries. 

(a) Interest Coverage Ratio . As
at the end of any fiscal quarter, the Borrowers shall not permit the ratio of
(a) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters
then ending to (b) Consolidated Total Interest Expense for such period to be
less than 2.75:1.00. 

(b) Consolidated Total Funded Debt to
Consolidated EBITDA . As at the end of any fiscal quarter, the
Borrowers shall not permit the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Funded Debt as
of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive
fiscal quarters then ending to exceed 4.75:1.00. 

(c) Consolidated Senior Funded Debt to
Consolidated EBITDA . As at the end of any fiscal quarter, the
Borrowers shall not permit the ratio of (a) Consolidated Senior Funded Debt as
of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive
fiscal quarters then ending to exceed 3.00:1.00. 

(d) Consolidated Net Worth . The Borrowers shall not permit Consolidated
Net Worth at any time to be less than the sum of (a) 152,000,000 plus 
(b) on a cumulative basis, fifty percent (50 of positive Consolidated Adjusted
Net Income (after the payment of dividends with respect to Series A Preferred
Stock) for each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ended April
30, 2005, plus (c) one hundred percent (100 of the proceeds of any
sale by the 

77 

Borrowers after the Closing Date of (i)
Equity Interests issued by the Borrowers (other than to a Borrower), or (ii)
warrants or subscription rights for Equity Interests issued by the Borrowers
(other than to a Borrower). The parties
hereto agree that this covenant shall be adjusted by the Administrative Agent
upon the occurrence of any of the following events or dates, as applicable, to
account for the reduction, if any, in Consolidated Net Worth resulting from such
transaction or occurrence, as applicable: (A) the earlier to occur of (i) the
first day of the second fiscal quarter of the Borrowers commencing on or about
August 1, 2006, or (ii) the Borrowers redemption of the Series A Preferred
Stock, or (B) any repurchases by the Parent of its common stock as permitted
pursuant to Section 7.06 hereof, to reflect the change in
Consolidated Net Worth as a result of any such occurrence. 

(e) Capital Expenditures . 
Permit, as at the end of any fiscal year, the amount of Capital
Expenditures (excluding any Permitted Acquisitions) made by the Borrowers for
the period of 12 consecutive months then ended to exceed 1.75 multiplied by the sum of depreciation and landfill amortization expense for
such 12-month period (calculated in accordance with GAAP). 

7.12 Sale
and Leaseback. None of the Borrowers or the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries (other than the Insurance Subsidiary) shall, directly or
indirectly, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby any
Borrower or any such Non-Borrower Subsidiary shall sell or transfer any
property owned by it in order then or thereafter to lease such property or
lease other property which such Borrower or any such Non-Borrower Subsidiary
intends to use for substantially the same purpose as the property being sold or
transferred, without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders. 

7.13 No
Other Senior Debt. None of the Borrowers or the Non-Borrower
Subsidiaries (a) have designated, or will designate, any Indebtedness of the
Borrowers or the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries as Designated Senior Debt for
purposes of (and as defined in) the Indenture, other than the Obligations, and
(b) have Senior Debt as such term is defined in the Indenture other than the
Obligations and any Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 which
ranks pari passu with the Obligations. 

7.14 Actions
Otherwise Prohibited By Subordinated Debt. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article
VII that permits the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries to enter into
transactions or take certain actions, the Borrowers shall not enter into such
transactions or take such actions if otherwise prohibited from so doing by the
terms of the Senior Subordinated Debt outstanding from time to time. 

7.15 Employee
Benefit Plans. None of the Borrowers or any ERISA Affiliate
shall, directly or indirectly: 

(a) engage in any prohibited transaction within
the meaning of 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Code which could result in a
material liability for any Borrower; or 

(b) permit any Guaranteed Pension Plan to incur
an accumulated funding deficiency , as such term is defined in 302 of ERISA,
whether or not such deficiency is or may be waived; or 

78 

(c) fail to contribute to any Guaranteed Pension
Plan to an extent which, or terminate any Guaranteed Pension Plan in a manner
which, could result in the imposition of a lien or encumbrance on the assets of
any Borrower pursuant to 302(f) or 4068 of ERISA; or 

(d) amend any Guaranteed Pension Plan in
circumstances requiring the posting of security pursuant to 307 of ERISA or
 401(a)(29) of the Code; or 

(e) permit or take any action which would result
in the aggregate benefit liabilities (with the meaning of 4001 of ERISA) of
all Guaranteed Pension Plans exceeding the value of the aggregate assets of
such Plans, disregarding for this purpose the benefit liabilities and assets of
any such Plan with assets in excess of benefit liabilities. 

The Borrowers will (i)
promptly upon filing the same with the Department of Labor or Internal Revenue
Service, furnish to the Lenders a copy of the most recent actuarial statement
required to be submitted under 103(d) of ERISA and Annual Report, Form 5500,
with all required attachments, in respect of each Guaranteed Pension Plan and
(ii) promptly upon receipt or dispatch, furnish to the Lenders any notice,
report or demand sent or received in respect of a Guaranteed Pension Plan under
 302, 4041, 4042, 4043, 4063, 4065, 4066 and 4068 of ERISA, or in respect of a
Multiemployer Plan, under 4041A, 4202, 4219, or 4245 of ERISA. 

7.16 Prepayments
of Certain Obligations; Modifications of Subordinated Debt. None of the
Borrowers or the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, (a)
amend, supplement or otherwise modify the terms of any Subordinated Debt; provided ,
that the Borrowers may amend, supplement or otherwise modify the terms of any
Seller Subordinated Debt with the consent of the Administrative Agent if, in
the judgment of the Administrative Agent, such amendments, supplements or
modifications do not adversely effect the rights of the Lenders, (b) prepay,
redeem or repurchase or issue any notice or offer of redemption with respect
to, elect to make, or effect, a defeasance with respect to, or take any other
action which would require the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries to,
prepay, redeem or repurchase any of the Subordinated Debt, (c) make any
payments with respect to any Seller Subordinated Debt other than scheduled
payments of principal and interest as and to the extent permitted under the
applicable Subordination Agreements, provided that no Default or Event
of Default shall have occurred or be continuing on the date of such payment,
nor would be created by the making of such payment, or (d) make any payments
with respect to any Senior Subordinated Debt other than (i) scheduled payments
of interest as and to the extent permitted under the Indenture or (ii) payments
of principal made from the proceeds of equity offerings after the Closing Date,
 provided , in each case, that no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred or be continuing on the date of such payment, nor would be created by
the making of such payment. 

7.17 Upstream
Limitations. None of the
Borrowers shall enter into any agreement, contract or arrangement (excluding
this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Indenture) restricting the
ability of (i) the Borrowers to amend or modify this Agreement or any other
Loan Document, or (ii) any Borrower to pay or make dividends or distributions
in cash or kind to any Borrower or to make loans, advances or other payments of
whatsoever nature to any Borrower or to make transfers or distributions of all
or any part of such Borrower s assets to a Borrower; in each case other than
(x) restrictions on specific assets which assets are the subject 

79 

of purchase money security interests to the extent permitted under Section
7.03(e) , and (y) customary anti-assignment provisions contained in leases
and licensing agreements entered into by such Borrower in the ordinary course
of its business. 

ARTICLE VIII. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 

8.01 Events
of Default. If any of
the following events Events of Default shall occur: 

(a) if the Borrowers shall fail to pay any
principal of the Loans or any L/C Obligation hereunder when the same shall
become due and payable, whether at the Maturity Date or any accelerated date of
maturity or at any other date fixed for payment; 

(b) if the Borrowers shall fail to pay any
interest or fees or other amounts owing hereunder within five (5) Business Days
after the same shall become due and payable whether at the Maturity Date or any
accelerated date of maturity or at any other date fixed for payment; 

(c) if the Borrowers shall fail to comply with
any of the covenants contained in Sections 6.01 , 6.04 , 6.05 ,
 6.10 , 6.11 , 6.13 , 6.15 , 6.19 or Article
VII hereof; 

(d) if the Borrowers shall fail to perform any
term, covenant or agreement contained herein or in any of the other Loan
Documents (other than those specified in subsections (a), (b), and (c) above)
within thirty (30) days after written notice of such failure has been given to
the Borrowers by the Lenders; 

(e) if any representation or warranty contained
in this Agreement or in any document or instrument delivered pursuant to or in
connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been false in any material
respect upon the date when made or repeated; 

(f) if any Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiary
shall fail to pay at maturity, or within any applicable period of grace, any
and all obligations for borrowed money or any guaranty with respect thereto or
credit received or in respect of any Capitalized Leases, Synthetic Leases or Swap
Contracts, in each case, in an aggregate amount greater than the Threshold
Amount (including, without limitation, the Indebtedness evidenced by the
Indenture), or fail to observe or perform any material term, covenant or
agreement contained in any agreement by which it is bound, evidencing or
securing borrowed money or credit received or in respect of any Capitalized
Leases in an aggregate amount greater than the Threshold Amount (including,
without limitation, the Indenture) for such period of time as would permit,
assuming the giving of appropriate notice if required, the holder or holders
thereof or of any obligations issued thereunder to accelerate the maturity
thereof; 

(g) if any Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiary
makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or admits in writing its
inability to pay or generally fails to pay its debts as they mature or become
due, or petitions or applies for the appointment of a 

80 

trustee or other custodian,
liquidator, receiver or receiver/manager of any Borrower or Non-Borrower
Subsidiary or of any substantial part of the assets of any Borrower or
Non-Borrower Subsidiary or commences any case or other proceeding relating to
any Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiary under any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation or
similar law of any jurisdiction, now or hereafter in effect, or takes any
action to authorize or in furtherance of any of the foregoing, or if any such
petition or application is filed or any such case or other proceeding is
commenced against any Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiary and any Borrower or
Non-Borrower Subsidiary indicates its approval thereof, consent thereto or
acquiescence therein; 

(h) a decree or order is entered appointing any
such trustee, custodian, liquidator, receiver or receiver/manager or
adjudicating any Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiary bankrupt or insolvent, or
approving a petition in any such case or other proceeding, or a decree or order
for relief is entered in respect of any Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiary in
an involuntary case under federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter
constituted, and such decree or order remains in effect for more than sixty (60)
days, whether or not consecutive; 

(i) if there shall remain in force, undischarged,
unsatisfied and unstayed, for more than forty-five (45) days, whether or not
consecutive, any final judgment against any Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiary
which, with other outstanding final judgments, against the Borrowers and
Non-Borrower Subsidiaries exceeds in the aggregate the Threshold Amount after
taking into account any undisputed insurance coverage; 

(j) any Borrower or Non-Borrower Subsidiary or
any ERISA Affiliate incurs any liability to the PBGC or similar Canadian
authorities or a Guaranteed Pension Plan (or any corresponding plan described
in any Applicable Canadian Pension Legislation) pursuant to Title IV of ERISA
in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount, or any Borrower or
Non-Borrower Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is assessed withdrawal liability
pursuant to Title IV of ERISA by a Multiemployer Plan requiring aggregate
annual payments exceeding the Threshold Amount, or any of the following occurs
with respect to a Guaranteed Pension Plan (or any corresponding plan described
in any Applicable Canadian Pension Legislation): (i) an ERISA Reportable
Event or similar event under Applicable Canadian Pension Legislation, or a
failure to make a required installment or other payment (within the meaning of
 302(f)(1) of ERISA), provided that the
Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that such event
(A) could be expected to result in liability of any Borrower or
Non-Borrower Subsidiary to the PBGC, similar Canadian authorities or such Plan
in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount and (B) could
constitute grounds for the termination of such Plan by the PBGC or similar
Canadian authorities, for the appointment by the appropriate United States
District Court or Canadian Court of a trustee to administer such Plan or for
the imposition of a lien in favor of such Plan; or (ii) the appointment by
a United States District Court or Canadian Court of a trustee to administer such
Plan; or (iii) the institution by the PBGC or similar Canadian authorities
of proceedings to terminate such Plan; 

81 

(k) if any of the Loan Documents shall be
cancelled, terminated, revoked or rescinded otherwise than in accordance with
the terms thereof or with the express prior written agreement, consent or
approval of the Lenders, or any action at law, suit or in equity or other legal
proceeding to cancel, revoke or rescind any of the Loan Documents shall be
commenced by or on behalf of the Borrowers or any of their respective
stockholders, or any court or any other governmental or regulatory authority or
agency of competent jurisdiction shall make a determination that, or issue a
judgment, order, decree or ruling to the effect that, any one or more of the
Loan Documents is illegal, invalid or unenforceable in accordance with the
terms thereof; 

(l) any Person or group of Persons (within the
meaning of Section 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended)
shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under said Act) of 25 or
more of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Parent (other than
Berkshire Partners LLC); or, during any period of twelve consecutive calendar
months, individuals who were directors of the Parent on the first day of such
period shall cease to constitute a majority of the board of directors of the
Parent; 

(m) a Change of
Control as defined in the Series A Certificate shall occur; or 

(n) a Change of
Control as defined in the Indenture or other Senior Subordinated Debt
Document shall occur; 

then, and in any such event,
so long as the same may be continuing, the Administrative Agent shall upon the
request of the Required Lenders, by notice in writing to the Borrowers, declare
all amounts owing with respect to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
to be, and they shall thereupon forthwith become, immediately due and payable
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers; provided that in the event
of any Event of Default specified in Section 8.01(g) or (h) , all
such amounts shall become immediately due and payable automatically and without
any requirement of notice from the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 

8.02 Remedies
Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is
continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the
consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 

(a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make
Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be
terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; 

(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all
outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other
amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be
immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; 

(c) require that the Borrowers Cash Collateralize
the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof);
and 

82 

(d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders
all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan
Documents; 

provided , however , that upon the occurrence of
an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrowers
under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender
to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit
Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all
outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall
automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrowers to
Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become
effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any
Lender. 

8.03 Application
of Funds. After the
exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans
have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations
have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the
proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the
Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following
order: 

First , to the payment of, or (as the case may be)
the reimbursement of the Administrative Agent for or in respect of all
reasonable costs, expenses, disbursements and losses which shall have been
incurred or sustained by the Administrative Agent in connection with the
collection of such monies by the Administrative Agent, for the exercise,
protection or enforcement by the Administrative Agent of all or any of the
rights, remedies, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent under this
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of the Collateral or
in support of any provision of adequate indemnity to the Administrative Agent
against any taxes or liens which by law shall have, or may have, priority over
the rights of the Administrative Agent to such monies; 

Second , to all other Obligations pari passu among
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders; provided , however , that
(i) distributions shall be made with respect to each type of Obligation owing
to the Lenders, such as interest, principal, fees and expenses, among the
Lenders on a pro rata basis, and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall
make proper allowance to take into account any L/C Obligations not then due and
payable; 

Third , upon payment and satisfaction in full or
other provisions for payment in full satisfactory to the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent of all of the Obligations, to the payment of any
obligations required to be paid pursuant to 9-608(a)(1)(C) or 9-615(a)(3) of
the Uniform Commercial Code of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; and 

Fourth , the excess, if any, after all Obligations
have been indefeasibly paid in full, shall be returned to the Borrowers or to
such other Persons as are entitled thereto. 

Subject to Section 2.03(c) , any
amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate Maximum Drawing Amount shall
be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash
Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been 

83 

fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount
shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth
above. 

ARTICLE IX. 
 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

9.01 Appointment
and Authority. Each of the
Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act
on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its
behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent
by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto. The
provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent,
the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and the Borrowers shall not have rights as a
third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 

9.02 Rights
as a Lender. The Person
serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and
powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the
same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders 
shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise
requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in
its individual capacity. Such Person and
its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial
advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind
of business with the Borrowers or any Affiliate thereof as if such Person were
not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor
to the Lenders. 

9.03 Exculpatory
Provisions. The
Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those
expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 

(a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or
other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is
continuing; 

(b) shall not have any duty to take any
discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary
rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents
that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by
the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as
shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided 
that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in
its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent
to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or law; and 

(c) shall not, except as expressly set forth
herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall
not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the
Borrowers or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the
Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any
capacity. 

84 

The Administrative Agent
shall not be liable to the Lenders for any action taken or not taken by it (i)
with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other
number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the
Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the
circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in
the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not
to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such
Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrowers, a Lender or the
L/C Issuer. 

The Administrative Agent
shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i)
any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate,
report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection
herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the
covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein
or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness
or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other
agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set
forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt
of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

9.04 Reliance
by Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any
liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent,
statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic
message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed
by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by
the proper Person. The Administrative
Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and
believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any
liability for relying thereon. In
determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or
the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the
satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may
presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer
unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from
such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance
of such Letter of Credit. The
Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the
Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall
not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the
advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

9.05 Delegation
of Duties. The
Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its
rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any
one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent
may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or
through their respective Related Parties. 
The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent
and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent,
and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the
syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities
as Administrative Agent. 

9.06 Resignation
of Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving sixty (60) days prior
written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrowers. 

85 

Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to
appoint a successor Administrative Agent. 
If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the
Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30)
days after the retiring Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation,
then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a
successor Lender Agent, which shall be a financial institution which shall be a
financial institution having a rating of not less than A or its equivalent by
S P. Upon the acceptance of any
appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative
Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and
become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the
retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be
discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After any retiring Administrative Agent s
resignation, the provisions of this Agreement shall continue in effect for its
benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it
was acting as Administrative Agent. Any
new Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to this Section shall immediately
issue new Letters of Credit in place of Letters of Credit previously issued by
the resigning Administrative Agent, or otherwise make arrangements to Cash
Collateralize or to provide a backing Letter of Credit to the satisfaction of
the resigning Administrative Agent. 

9.07 Non-Reliance
on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer
acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and
based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its
own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also
acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and
based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem
appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action
under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related
agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

9.08 No
Other Duties, Etc. Anything
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners or Arranger
listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or
responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents,
except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or
the L/C Issuer hereunder. 

9.09 Administrative
Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of
the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial
proceeding relative to any Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of
whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and
payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of
whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower)
shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or
otherwise 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole
amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans,
L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file
such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including
any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and 

86 

advances of the Lenders, the
L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel
and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative
Agent under Sections 2.03 , 2.09 and 10.04 allowed in such
judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other
property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee,
trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such
judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to
make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the
Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to
the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount
due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of
the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due
the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 . 

Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent
to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the
Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative
Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 

9.10 Collateral
Matters. The Lenders
and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, 

(a) to release any Lien on any property granted
to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon
termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations
(other than contingent indemnification obligations) and the expiration or
termination of all Letters of Credit, (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part
of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan
Document, or (iii) subject to Section 10.01 , if approved, authorized or
ratified in writing by the Required Lenders; 

(b) to subordinate any Lien on any property
granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the
holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(a) ; 

(c) to release any Borrower from its Obligations
hereunder if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction
permitted hereunder. 

Upon request by the
Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing
the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in
particular types or items of property or to release a Borrower or its property
from its obligations hereunder pursuant to this Section; provided , however ,
that such confirmation shall not be a condition to such release. 

87 

ARTICLE X. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

10.01 Amendments,
Etc. No
amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, and no consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom, shall be
effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrowers or
applicable Borrower, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative
Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific
instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however ,
that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 

(a) waive any condition set forth in Section
4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender; 

(b) extend or increase the Commitment of any
Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender; 

(c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or
any other Loan Document for any payment or mandatory prepayment of principal,
interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) or any
scheduled or mandatory reduction of the Aggregate Commitments hereunder or
under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender
directly affected thereby (it being understood that any vote to rescind any
acceleration of amounts owing with respect to the Loans and other Obligations
shall only require the approval of the Required Lenders); 

(d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of
interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause
(v) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other
amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document , without
the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided , however ,
that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (i) to amend
the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of any of the
Borrowers to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii)
to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein)
even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on
any Loan or L/C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payable hereunder; 

(e) change Section 2.13 , section 2.14 
or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of
payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender; 

(f) change any provision of this Section or the
definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the
number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify
any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder
without the written consent of each Lender; and 

(g) other than pursuant to a transaction
permitted by the terms of this Agreement, release (A) all or substantially all
of the Collateral (excluding, if any Borrower
becomes a debtor under the federal Bankruptcy Code, the release of cash
collateral , as defined in Section 363(a) of the federal Bankruptcy Code
pursuant to a cash collateral stipulation with the debtor approved by the
Required Lenders) or (B) any Borrower from its Obligations. 

88 

and, provided further ,
that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by
the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or
duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating
to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver
or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in
addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the
Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent
shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the
Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iv) Section 10.06(h) 
may not be amended, waived or otherwise modified without the consent of each
Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at
the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification; and (v) the Fee
Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing
executed only by the parties thereto. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender
shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent
hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or
extended without the consent of such Lender. 

10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic
Communication. 

(a) Notices Generally . 
Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly
permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b)
below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in
writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by
certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices
and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone
shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 

(i) if to the Borrowers, the Administrative
Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, telecopier
number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person
on Schedule 10.02 ; and 

(ii) if to any other Lender, to the address,
telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its
Administrative Questionnaire. 

Notices sent by hand or overnight courier
service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have
been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have
been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours
for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of
business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic
communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective
as provided in such subsection (b). 

(b) Electronic Communications . 
Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer
hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including
e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by
the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to
notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such
Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent
that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic
communication. The Administrative Agent
or the Borrowers may, in their discretion, agree to 

89 

accept notices and other communications to it
hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided 
that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or
communications. 

Unless the Administrative
Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an
e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an
acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt
requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written
acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is
not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or
communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on
the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications
posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the
deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in
the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication
is available and identifying the website address therefor. 

(c) The Platform . THE
PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT
WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY
OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS
FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY
AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or
any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability
to the Borrowers, the Excluded Subsidiaries, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any
other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind
(whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the
Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrowers Materials through the
Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities
or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and
nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, breach in
bad faith of the Administrative Agent s obligations under this subsection (c)
or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided , however ,
that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrowers, the
Excluded Subsidiaries, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for
indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to
direct or actual damages). 

(d) Change of Address, Etc . Each
of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and each of
the Borrowers may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for
notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties
hereto. Each other Lender may change its
address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications
hereunder by notice to the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer
and the Swing Line Lender. In addition,
each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to
ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address,
contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address
to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire
instructions for such Lender. 

90 

(e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer
and Lenders . The Administrative
Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon
any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan
Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrowers even if (i) such
notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not
preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the
terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation
thereof. The Borrowers, jointly and
severally, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, each
Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses
and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice
purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrowers. All telephonic notices to and other
telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the
Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such
recording. 

10.03 No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure
by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no
delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power
or privilege. The rights, remedies,
powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any
rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 

(a) Costs and Expenses . The
Borrowers shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees,
charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in
connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein,
the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or
waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection with the
issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand
for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer (including the fees,
charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any
Lender or the L/C Issuer), and shall pay all fees and time charges for
attorneys who may be employees of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the
L/C Issuer, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights
(A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the
Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket
expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect
of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 

(b) Indemnification by the Borrowers . The
Borrowers, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and
any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party
of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and
disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold
harmless each Indemnitee from all 

91 

fees and time charges and disbursements for
attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or
asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a
result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan
Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the
performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or
thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent
thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or
proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer
to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents
presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms
of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release
of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any of the
Borrowers, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any of the
Borrowers, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation,
investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on
contract, tort or any other theory, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is
a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any
Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the
gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result
from a claim brought by any of the Borrowers against an Indemnitee for breach
in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan
Document, if such Borrower has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in
its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To
the extent that the Borrowers for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount
required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it
to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer or any
Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to
the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or such
Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage
(determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or
indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the
unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related
expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the
Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the L/C Issuer in its capacity
as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the
Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or L/C Issuer in connection with
such capacity. The obligations of the
Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 

(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, none of the parties hereto
shall assert, and each of the parties hereto hereby waives, any claim against
any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect,
consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any
other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or
the use of the proceeds thereof. No
Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages
arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other
materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other 

92 

information transmission systems in
connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby. 

(e) Payments . All amounts due under this
Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand
therefor. 

(f) Survival . The agreements in this Section
shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer,
the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and
the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 

10.05 Payments
Set Aside. To the
extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to the
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative
Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such
payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required
(including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent,
the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee,
receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, and to the
extent permitted by law, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to
be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender
and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon
demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered
from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date
of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to
the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C
Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in
full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

10.06 Successors and Assigns. 

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted
hereby, except that no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible
Assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section,
(ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection
(d) of this Section, (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security
interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section, or (iv)
to an SPC in accordance with, and subject to the limitations in, the provisions
of subsection (h) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or
transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or
implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties
hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants
to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent
expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable
right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

93 

(b) Assignments by Lenders . Any
Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a
portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a
portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this
subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at
the time owing to it); provided that 

(i) except in the case of an assignment of the
entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at
the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an
Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the
aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans
outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the
principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to
each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption
with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if
 Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade
Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of
the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the Borrowers otherwise consent (each such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided , however , that
concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent
assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee (or
to an Eligible Assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a
single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has
been met; 

(ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an
assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and
obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment
assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not apply to rights in respect of
Swing Line Loans; 

(iii) the parties to each assignment shall execute
and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together
with a processing and recordation fee in the amount, if any, required as set
forth in Schedule 10.06 , and the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a
Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative
Questionnaire. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof
by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from
and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the
Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the
extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the
rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning
Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such
Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this
Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the
assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender
shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the
benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 
with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date
of such assignment. Upon request, the
Borrowers (at their expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee
Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a
Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with
this subsection shall be treated for purposes of 

94 

this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such
rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 

(c) Register . The
Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the
Borrowers, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each
Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of
the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal
amounts of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the
terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be
conclusive and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may
treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms
hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement,
notwithstanding notice to the contrary. 
The Register shall be available for inspection by each of the Borrowers
and the L/C Issuer at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable
prior notice. In addition, at any time
that a request for a consent for a material or substantive change to the Loan
Documents is pending, any Lender may request and receive from the Administrative
Agent a copy of the Register. 

(d) Participations . 
Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the
Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other
than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or
Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s
rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of
its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C
Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that
(i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties
hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers,
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal
solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights
and obligations under this Agreement. 

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender
sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole
right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or
waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement
or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the
Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in Section
10.01 (other than under Section 10.10(a) and (b) that affects such
Participant. Subject to subsection (e)
of this Section, the Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to
the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired
its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each
Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such
Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a
Lender. 

(e) Limitations upon Participant Rights . 
A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under
 Section 3.01 , 3.04 or 3.05 
than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to
the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the
participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written
consent. 

95 

(f) Certain Pledges . 
Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all
or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if
any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment
to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such
pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations
hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party
hereto. 

(g) Electronic Execution of Assignments . 
The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import
in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic
signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be
of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed
signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be,
to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State
Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on
the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

(h) Special Purpose Funding Vehicle . 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section, any
Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a
special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC of such Granting Lender, identified as such in writing from time to time
delivered by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers,
the option to provide to the Borrowers all or any part of any Loan that such
Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrowers pursuant
to this Agreement, provided that (a)
nothing herein shall constitute a commitment to make any Loan by any SPC, (b)
the Granting Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(c) the Granting Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement
and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this
Agreement and (d) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise
fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be
obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder
shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as
if, such Loan were made by the Granting Lender. 
Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any
expense reimbursement, indemnity or similar payment obligation under this
Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party
hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this
Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the later
of (i) the payment in full of all outstanding senior indebtedness of any SPC
and (ii) the Maturity Date, (or, as applicable, any maturity date relating to
the Term B Loan), it will not institute against, or join any other person in
instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
insolvency or liquidation proceedings or similar proceedings under the laws of
the United States of America or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Section, any SPC may (A) with notice to, but (except
as specified below) without the prior written consent of, the Borrowers or the
Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all
or a portion of its interests in any Loans to its Granting Lender or to any
financial institutions (consented to by the Administrative Agent and, so long as
no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers,
which consents shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) providing
liquidity and/or credit facilities to or for the account of such SPC to fund
the Loans made by such SPC or to support the securities (if any) issued by such
SPC to fund such Loans and (B) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public 

96 

information relating to its Loans (other than financial statements
referred to in Sections 5.05 and 6.04 to any rating agency,
commercial paper dealer or provider of a surety, guarantee or credit or
liquidity enhancement to such SPC. In no
event shall the Borrowers be obligated to pay to an SPC that has made a Loan any
greater amount than the Borrowers would have been obligated to pay under this
Agreement if the Granting Lender had made such Loan. An amendment to this Section 10.06(h) 
without the written consent of an SPC shall be ineffective insofar as it alters
the rights and obligations of such SPC. 

10.07 Treatment of Certain
Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the
Lenders and the L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the
Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to
its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors,
officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives in connection with
this Agreement (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is
made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and
instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested
by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including
any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or regulations or
by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in
connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan
Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other
Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject
to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this
Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee
of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or
(ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative
transaction relating to any of the Borrowers and its obligations, (g) with the
consent of the Borrowers or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes
publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y)
becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or
any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source
other than the Borrowers. 

For purposes of this
Section, Information means all information received from the Borrowers
relating to the Borrowers or any of their respective businesses, other than any
such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or
the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrowers. Any Person required to maintain the
confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered
to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the
same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such
Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

Each of the
Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the
Information may include material non-public information concerning the
Borrowers or a Excluded Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed
compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and
(c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with
Applicable Laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, unless specifically prohibited by Applicable Law or court order,
each of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent shall, prior
to disclosure 

97 

thereof, notify the
Borrowers of any request for disclosure of any such non-public information by
any governmental agency or representative thereof (other than any such request
in connection with an examination of the financial condition of such Lender,
the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent by such governmental agency) or
pursuant to legal process. 

10.08 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing, each Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective
Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the
fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all
deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever
currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any
time owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the
credit or the account of any of the Borrowers against any and all of the
obligations of any of the Borrowers now or hereafter existing under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, irrespective of
whether or not such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall have made any demand under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of any
of the Borrowers may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or
office of such Lender or the L/C Issuer different from the branch or office
holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and
their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights
and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L/C
Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. 
Each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Borrowers and the
Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided 
that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such
setoff and application. 

10.09 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan
Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted
by Applicable Laws (the Maximum Rate ). 
If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an
amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to
the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to
the Borrowers. In determining whether
the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent
or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted
by Applicable Laws, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an
expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary
prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and
spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the
contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 

10.10 Counterparts; Integration;
Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed
in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts),
each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken
together shall constitute a single contract. 
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire
contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede
any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating
to the subject matter hereof. Except as
provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it
shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the
Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken
together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery 

98 

of an
executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy shall be
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

10.11 Survival of Representations
and Warranties. All representations and
warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith
shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been
or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless
of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their
behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Lender or any
Term B Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of
any Credit Extension unless notice of Default in accordance with Section
6.15 has been received and shall continue in full force and effect as long
as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or
unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 

10.12 Concerning Joint and Several Liability of the
Borrowers 

(a) Each of the Borrowers is accepting joint
and several liability for all of the Obligations in consideration of the
financial accommodations to be provided by the Administrative Agent, the L/C
Issuer and the Lenders under this Agreement, for the mutual benefit, directly
and indirectly, of each of the Borrowers and in consideration of the
undertakings of each other Borrower to accept joint and several liability for
the Obligations of the Borrowers. 

(b) Each of the Borrowers, jointly and
severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as a
surety but also as a co-debtor, joint and several liability with the other
Borrowers with respect to the payment and performance of all of the Obligations
of the Borrowers (including, without limitation, any Obligations arising under
this Section), it being the intention of the parties hereto that all of the
Obligations shall be the joint and several obligations of each of the Borrowers
without preferences or distinction among them. 

(c) If and to the extent that any of the
Borrowers shall fail to make any payment with respect to any of the Obligations
as and when due or to perform any of the Obligations in accordance with the
terms thereof, then in each such event the other Borrowers will make such
payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligation. 

(d) The Obligations of each of the Borrowers
under the provisions of this Section 10.12 constitute full recourse
obligations of each such Borrower enforceable against each such Borrower to the
full extent of its properties and assets, to the fullest extent permitted by
Applicable Law, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of
this Agreement against any other Borrower or any other circumstance whatsoever. 

(e) Except as otherwise expressly provided in
this Agreement, each of the Borrowers, to the fullest extent permitted by
Applicable Law, hereby waives notice of acceptance of its joint and several
liability, notice of any Loans made under this Agreement, notice of any action
at any time taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the
Lenders under or in respect of any of the Obligations, and, generally, to the
extent permitted by Applicable Law and except as to notices expressly provided
for in the Loan Documents, all demands, notices and 

99 

other formalities of every kind in connection with this Agreement. Each Borrower, to the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, hereby waives all defenses which may be available
by virtue of any valuation, stay, moratorium law or other similar law now or
hereafter in effect, any right to require the marshaling of assets of the
Borrowers and any other entity or Person primarily or secondarily liable with
respect to any of the Obligations, and all suretyship defenses generally. Each of the Borrowers, to the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, hereby assents to, and waives notice of, any
extension or postponement of the time for the payment of any of the
Obligations, the acceptance of any payment of any of the Obligations, the
acceptance of any partial payment thereon, any waiver, consent or other action
or acquiescence by the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer at
any time or times in respect of any default by any of the Borrowers in the
performance or satisfaction of any term, covenant, condition or provision of
this Agreement, any and all other indulgences whatsoever by the Lenders, the
Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer in respect of any of the Obligations,
and the taking, addition, substitution or release, in whole or in part, at any
time or times, of any security for any of the Obligations or the addition,
substitution or release, in whole or in part, of any of the Borrowers. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrowers
assents to any other action or delay in acting or failure to act on the part of
the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer with respect to the
failure by any of the Borrowers to comply with any of its respective
Obligations including, without limitation, any failure strictly or diligently
to assert any right or to pursue any remedy or to comply fully with Applicable
Laws or regulations thereunder, which might, but for the provisions of this
Section, afford grounds for terminating, discharging or relieving any of the
Borrowers, in whole or in part, from any of its Obligations under this Section,
it being the intention of each of the Borrowers that, so long as any of the
Obligations hereunder remain unsatisfied, the Obligations of such Borrowers
under this Section shall not be discharged except by performance and then only
to the extent of such performance. The
Obligations of each of the Borrowers under this Section shall not be diminished
or rendered unenforceable by any winding up, reorganization, arrangement,
liquidation, re-construction or similar proceeding with respect to any of the
other Borrowers, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer. The joint and several liability of the
Borrowers hereunder shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any
absorption, merger, amalgamation or any other change whatsoever in the name,
membership, constitution or place of formation of any of the other Borrowers,
the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer. 

(f) To the extent any Borrower makes a
payment hereunder in excess of the aggregate amount of the benefit received by
such Borrower in respect of the extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement
(the Benefit Amount ), then such Borrower,
after the payment in full, in cash, of all of the Obligations, shall be
entitled to recover from each other Borrower such excess payment, pro rata , in accordance with the ratio of the
Benefit Amount received by each such other Borrower to the total Benefit Amount
received by all Borrowers, and the right to such recovery shall be deemed to be
an asset and property of such Borrower so funding; provided , that each of the Borrowers hereby agrees that it will not
enforce any of its rights of contribution or subrogation against the other
Borrowers with respect to any liability incurred by it hereunder or under any
of the other Loan Documents, any payments made by it to any of the Lenders or
the Administrative Agent with respect to any of the Obligations or any
collateral security therefor until such time as all of the Obligations have
been irrevocably paid in full in cash. 
Any claim which any Borrower may have against any other Borrower with
respect to any payments to the 

100 

Lenders or the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan
Document are hereby expressly made subordinate and junior in right of payment,
without limitation as to any increases in the Obligations arising hereunder or
thereunder, to the prior payment in full of the Obligations and, in the event
of any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, reorganization or
other similar proceeding under the laws of any jurisdiction relating to any
Borrower, its debts or its assets, whether voluntary or involuntary, all such
Obligations shall be paid in full before any payment or distribution of any
character, whether in cash, securities or other property, shall be made to any
other Borrower therefor. 

(g) Each of the Borrowers hereby agrees that
it will not enforce any of its rights of contribution or subrogation against
the other Borrowers with respect to any liability incurred by it hereunder or
under any of the other Loan Documents, any payments made by it to any of the
Lenders, the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent with respect to any of the
Obligations or any collateral security therefor until such time as all of the
Obligations have been irrevocably paid in full in cash. Any claim which any Borrower may have against
any other Borrower with respect to any payments to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer
or either Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document are hereby expressly
made subordinate and junior in right of payment, without limitation as to any
increases in the Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, to the prior
payment in full of the Obligations and, in the event of any insolvency,
bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, reorganization or other similar
proceeding under the laws of any jurisdiction relating to any Borrower, its
debts or its assets, whether voluntary or involuntary, all such Obligations
shall be paid in full before any payment or distribution of any character,
whether in cash, securities or other property, shall be made to any other
Borrower therefor. 

(h) Each of the Borrowers hereby agrees that
the payment of any amounts due with respect to the Indebtedness owing by any
Borrower to any other Borrower is hereby subordinated to the prior payment in
full in cash of the Obligations. Each
Borrower hereby agrees that after the occurrences and during the continuance of
any Default or Event of Default, such Borrower will not demand, sue for or
otherwise attempt to collect any Indebtedness of any other Borrower owing to
such Borrower until the Obligations shall have been paid in full in cash. If, notwithstanding the foregoing sentence,
such Borrower shall collect, enforce or receive any amounts in respect of such
Indebtedness before payment in full in cash of the Obligations, such amounts
shall be collected, enforced, received by such Borrower as trustee for the
Administrative Agent and be paid over to the Administrative Agent for the pro rata accounts of the relevant Lenders (in accordance
with each such Lender s Commitment) to be applied to repay (or be held as
security for the repayment of) the Obligations. 

(i) The provisions of this Section 10.12 
are made for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the
Lenders and their successors and assigns, and may be enforced in good faith by
them from time to time against any or all of the Borrowers as often as the
occasion therefor may arise and without requirement on the part of the
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Lenders first to marshal any of
their claims or to exercise any of their rights against any other Borrower or
to exhaust any remedies available to them against any other Borrower or to
resort to any other source or means of obtaining payment of any of the
Obligations hereunder or to elect any other remedy. The provisions of this Section 10.12 
shall remain in effect until all of the Obligations shall have been paid in
full or otherwise fully satisfied. If at
any time, any payment, or any part thereof, made in respect of any of the 

101 

Obligations, is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by
the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Lenders upon the insolvency,
bankruptcy or reorganization of any of the Borrowers or is repaid in good faith
settlement of a pending or threatened avoidance claim, or otherwise, the
provisions of this Section 10.12 will forthwith be reinstated in effect,
as though such payment had not been made. 

(j) Each of the Borrowers hereby appoints the
Parent, and the Parent hereby agrees, to act as its representative and
authorized signor with respect to any notices, demands, communications or
requests under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, including, without
limitation, with respect to Committed Loan Notice, Letter of Credit Application
and Compliance Certificates and pursuant to Section 10.02 of this
Agreement. 

(k) It is the intention and agreement of the
Borrowers and the Lenders that the obligations of the Borrowers under this
Agreement shall be valid and enforceable against the Borrowers to the maximum
extent permitted by Applicable Law. 
Accordingly, if any provision of this Agreement creating any obligation
of the Borrowers in favor of the Lenders shall be declared to be invalid or unenforceable
in any respect or to any extent, it is the stated intention and agreement of
the Borrowers and the Lenders that any balance of the obligation created by
such provision and all other obligations of the Borrowers to the Lenders
created by other provisions of this Credit Agreement shall remain valid and
enforceable. Likewise, if by final order
a court of competent jurisdiction shall declare any sums which the Lenders may
be otherwise entitled to collect from the Borrowers under this Credit Agreement
to be in excess of those permitted under any law (including any federal or
state fraudulent conveyance or like statute or rule of law) applicable to the
Borrowers obligations under this Agreement, it is the stated intention and
agreement of the Borrowers and the Lenders that all sums not in excess of those
permitted under such Applicable Law shall remain fully collectible by the
Lenders from the Borrowers. 

10.13 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the
other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the
legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired
thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to
replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions
the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal,
invalid or unenforceable provisions. The
invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

10.14 Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section
3.04 or is unable to lend under Section 3.02 , or if the Borrowers
are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental
Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if
any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrowers may, at their sole
expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent,
require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance
with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section
10.06 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement
and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such
obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such
assignment), provided that: 

102 

(a) the Borrowers shall have paid to the
Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) ; 

(b) such Lender shall have received payment
of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances,
accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder
and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued
interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts); 

(c) in the case of any such assignment
resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments
required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will
result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and 

(d) such assignment does not conflict with
Applicable Laws. 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such
assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such
Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such
assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

10.15 Collateral Security. 

(a) The Obligations shall be secured by (a) a
perfected (except in Real Property and motor vehicles) first-priority security
interest (subject to Permitted Liens entitled to priority under Applicable Law)
in all assets of each Borrower, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement to which each Borrower is a
party; (b) a pledge of 100 of the capital stock or other Equity Interests of
such Borrowers (other than the Parent) and of the Non-Borrower Subsidiaries
(other than NELS) to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders and the
Agents pursuant to the Pledge Agreement; and (c) a pledge of 65 of the capital
stock or other Equity Interests of each Foreign Subsidiary; provided 
that the Borrowers hereby agree, upon the request of the Administrative Agent
and the Required Lenders, to deliver, as promptly as practicable, but in any
event within sixty (60) days, titles to motor vehicles and mortgages with
respect to Real Property and take such other steps as may be reasonably
requested (including, without limitation, the delivery of legal opinions,
Consulting Engineer s reports and title insurance) so as to provide the
Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders and the Agents, a
perfected first-priority security interest in such assets. 

(b) The Borrowers hereby acknowledge that (i)
any and all Uniform Commercial Code financing statements (together with all
rights thereunder) filed in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement
naming Fleet National Bank, as secured party, and such Borrower, as debtor,
have been, or simultaneously herewith are being, assigned to the Administrative
Agent and shall be effective to perfect the Administrative Agent s security interest
granted by such Borrower pursuant to the Loan Documents to the extent that such
security interest may be perfected by the filing of Uniform Commercial Code
financing statements and (ii) such prior filings represent pre-filings of
Uniform Commercial Code financing statements for purposes of so perfecting the
security interest granted by the Borrowers under the Loan Documents. Until all of the Obligations have been
finally paid and satisfied in full, the provisions of this Section shall
continue to apply, and such filings shall continue to be effective and not
subject to any right of 

103 

termination in
respect of the security interests granted herein, whether any obligations under
the Existing Credit Agreement are to be discharged with the proceeds of any of
the Loans or are to continue independently or otherwise. 

(c) In the event the Borrowers dispose of any
assets as permitted hereunder, the Administrative Agent will, at the Borrowers 
sole cost and expense, execute and deliver all such forms, releases,
discharges, assignments, termination statements, and similar documents as the
Borrowers may reasonably request in order to release the Liens granted to the
Administrative Agent with respect to such assets. 

10.16 Existing Credit Agreement Superseded . 

(a) Existing Credit Agreement Superseded . 
On the Closing Date, this Agreement shall supersede the Existing Credit
Agreement in its entirety, except as provided in this Section. On the Closing Date, the rights and
obligations of the parties hereto evidenced by the Existing Credit Agreement
shall be evidenced by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Loans 
as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement shall be converted to Loans as
defined herein and the Existing Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender
(as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) for the account of the Borrowers
prior to the Closing Date shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit under this
Credit Agreement, and shall bear interest and be subject to such other fees as
set forth in this Agreement. 

(b) Interest and Fees under Superseded
Agreement . All interest and
fees and expenses, if any, owing or accruing under or in respect of the
Existing Credit Agreement through the Closing Date (including any breakage fees
in respect of Eurodollar Rate Loans as defined therein) shall be calculated as
of the Closing Date (pro rated in the case of any fractional periods), and
shall be paid on the Closing Date. 

10.17 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 

(a) GOVERNING LAW . 
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH,
THE LAW OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS. 

(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . 
EACH OF THE BORROWERS IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR
ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS SITTING IN SUFFOLK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED
STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT
FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF
ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD
AND DETERMINED IN SUCH MASSACHUSETTS STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO 

104 

AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE
CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT
OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY
RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE
HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY OF THE BORROWERS OR THEIR PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF
ANY JURISDICTION. 

(c) WAIVER OF VENUE . 
EACH OF THE BORROWERS IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR
HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN
INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH
COURT. 

(d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . 
EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE
MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE
RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW. 

10.18 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER
THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER
PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND
(B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS,
THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

10.19 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as
hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf
of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements
of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October
26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record
information that identifies the Borrowers, which information includes the name
and 

105 

address
of each of the Borrowers and other information that will allow such Lender or
the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrowers in
accordance with the Act. 

106 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed as a sealed instrument as of the date first above
written. 

[BORROWERS] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as 

Administrative Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender,
 L/C 

Issuer and Swing Line
 Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[OTHER
LENDERS] 

Bank of America, N.A., as
 Administrative 
 Agent 

By: 

/s/ Carol Alm 

Name: 

Carol Alm 

Title: 

Assistant Vice President 

Signature
Page to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
for Casella Waste Systems, Inc. and Certain of its Subsidiaries 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender, 
 L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender 

By: 

/s/ Maria F. Maia 

Name: 

Maria F. Maia 

Title: 

Managing Director 

Citizens Bank of Massachusetts 

By: 

/s/ Cindy Chen 

Name: 

Cindy Chen 

Title: 

Vice President 

Sovereign Bank 

By: 

/s/ Walter J. Marullo 

Name: 

Walter J. Marullo 

Title: 

Senior Vice President 

CALYON NEW YORK BRANCH 

By: 

/s/ Dianne M. Scott 

Name: 

Dianne M. Scott 

Title: 

Managing Director 

By: 

/s/ F. Frank Herrera 

Name: 

F. Frank Herrera 

Title: 

Director 

Wachovia Bank, N.A. 

By: 

/s/ John G. Taylor 

Name: 

John G. Taylor 

Title: 

Vice President 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

By: 

/s/ William C. Dehmer 

Name: 

William C. Dehmer 

Title: 

Senior Vice President 

LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By: 

/s/ Shaun R. Klienman 

Name: 

Shaun R. Kleinman 

Title: 

Vice President 

Banknorth, N.A. 

By: 

/s/ E. Kirke Hart 

Name: 

E. Kirke Hart 

Title: 

Senior Vice President 

NATIONAL CITY BANK 

By: 

/s/ Laura J. Rowley 

Name: 

Laura J. Rowley 

Title: 

Vice President 

Merrill Lynch Capital, a division of Merrill 
 Lynch Business Financial Services Inc. 

By: 

/s/ Kelli O Connell 

Name: 

Kelli O Connell 

Title: 

Vice President 

Raymond James Bank, FSB 

By: 

/s/ Thomas F. Macina 

Name: 

Thomas F. Macina 

Title: 

Senior Vice President 

Comerica Bank 

By: 

/s/ Claudia
 Cassa 

Name: 

Claudia Cassa 

Title: 

Vice President 

</EX-10.43>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a05-11395_1ex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name 

Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation 

All Cycle Waste, Inc. 

Vermont 

Atlantic Coast Fibers, Inc. 

Delaware 

B. and C. Sanitation Corporation 

New York 

Better Bedding Corp. 

New York 

Blasdell Development Group, Inc. 

New York 

Bristol Waste Management, Inc. 

Vermont 

Casella Insurance Company 

Vermont 

Casella Major Account Services, LLC 

Vermont 

Casella NH Investors Co., LLC 

Delaware 

Casella NH Power Co., LLC 

Delaware 

Casella RTG Investors Co., LLC 

Delaware 

Casella Transportation, Inc. 

Vermont 

Casella Waste Management of Cape
 Cod, Inc. 

Massachusetts 

Casella Waste Management of
 Holliston, Inc. 

Massachusetts 

Casella Waste Management of
 Massachusetts, Inc. 

Massachusetts 

Casella Waste Management of N.Y., Inc. 

New York 

Casella Waste Management of
 Pennsylvania, Inc. 

Pennsylvania 

Casella Waste Management, Inc. 

Vermont 

Casella Waste Services of Ontario, LLC 

New York 

Casella Waste Systems, Inc. 

Delaware 

Corning Community Disposal
 Service, Inc. 

New York 

CulChrome LLC 

Delaware 

C.V. Landfill, Inc. 

Vermont 

CWM All Waste LLC 

New
 Hampshire 

Data Destruction Services, Inc. 

Maine 

Fairfield County Recycling, Inc. 

Delaware 

FCR Camden, Inc. 

Delaware 

FCR Florida, Inc. 

Delaware 

FCR Georgia, Inc. 

Delaware 

FCR Greensboro, Inc. 

Delaware 

FCR Greenville, Inc. 

Delaware 

FCR Morris, Inc. 

Delaware 

FCR Redemption, Inc. 

Delaware 

FCR Tennessee, Inc. 

Delaware 

FCR, Inc. 

Delaware 

Forest Acquisitions, Inc. 

New
 Hampshire 

Grasslands, Inc. 

New York 

Green Mountain Glass, LLC 

Delaware 

GroundCo, LLC 

New York 

Hakes C D Disposal, Inc. 

New York 

Hardwick Landfill, Inc. 

Massachusetts 

Hiram Hollow Regeneration Corp. 

New York 

K-C International, Ltd. 

Oregon 

KTI Bio Fuels, Inc. 

Maine 

KTI Environmental Group, Inc. 

New Jersey 

KTI New Jersey Fibers, Inc. 

Delaware 

KTI Operations, Inc. 

Delaware 

KTI Recycling of New England, Inc. 

Maine 

KTI Specialty Waste Services, Inc. 

Maine 

KTI, Inc. 

New Jersey 

Maine Energy Recovery Company LP 

Maine 

Manner Resins, Inc. 

Delaware 

Mecklenburg County Recycling, Inc. 

Connecticut 

Natural Environmental, Inc. 

New York 

New England Landfill Solutions, LLC. 

Massachusetts 

New England Waste Service of ME, Inc. 

Maine 

New England Waste Services of
 Massachusetts, Inc. 

Massachusetts 

New England Waste Services of
 N.Y., Inc. 

New York 

New England Waste Services of
 Vermont, Inc. 

Vermont 

New England Waste Services, Inc. 

Vermont 

Newbury Waste Management, Inc. 

Vermont 

NEWS of Worcester LLC 

Massachusetts 

NEWSME Landfill Operations, LLC 

Maine 

NH Investors Co. LLC 

Delaware 

North Country Composting
 Services, Inc. 

New Hampshire 

North Country Environmental
 Services, Inc. 

Virginia 

North Country Trucking, Inc. 

New York 

Northern Properties Corporation of
 Plattsburgh 

New York 

Northern Sanitation, Inc. 

New York 

PERC Management Company, LP 

Maine 

PERC, Inc. 

Delaware 

Pine Tree Waste, Inc. 

Maine 

Portland C D Site, Inc. 

New York 

R.A. Bronson, Inc. 

New York 

Recovery Technologies Operations, LLC. 

Illinois 

Resource Recovery Systems of
 Sarasota, Inc. 

Florida 

Resource Recovery Systems, Inc. 

Delaware 

Resource Transfer Services, Inc. 

Massachusetts 

Resource Waste Systems, Inc. 

Massachusetts 

Rochester Environmental Park, LLC 

Massachusetts 

Rockingham Sand Gravel, LLC 

Vermont 

Schultz Landfill, Inc. 

New York 

Southbridge Recycling Disposal
 Park, Inc. 

Massachusetts 

Sunderland Waste Management, Inc. 

Vermont 

Templeton Landfill, LLC 

Massachusetts 

The Hyland Facility Associates 

New York 

Total Waste Management Corp. 

New
 Hampshire 

Trilogy Glass, LLC 

New York 

U.S. Fiber, Inc. 

North
 Carolina 

Waste-Stream, Inc. 

New York 

Westfield Disposal Service, Inc. 

New York 

Winters Brothers, Inc. 

Vermont 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a05-11395_1ex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by
reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-31022,
333-40267, 333-43537, 333-43539, 333-43541, 333-43543,
333-43635, 333-67487, 333-92735 and 333-100553), and on
Form S-3 (Nos. 333-21088, 333-31268, 333-85279, 333-88097
and 333-95841) of Casella
Waste Systems, Inc. of our reports dated June 24, 2005 relating to
the financial statements, financial statement schedule, management s assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appear in
this Form 10-K. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 Boston, Massachusetts 

 June 27, 2005 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 a05-11395_1ex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8
(Nos. 333-31022, 333-40267, 333-43537, 333-43539, 333-43541,
333-43543, 333-43635, 333-67487, 333-92735 and 333-100553),
and on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-21088, 333-31268, 333-85279,
333-88097 and 333-95841) of Casella Waste Systems, Inc. of our
report dated January 26, 2005, on the financial statements of US
GreenFiber, LLC, which appear in this Form 10-K. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP 

 Charlotte,
North Carolina 

 June 27,
2005 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a05-11395_1ex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

I, John. W. Casella, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Casella Waste Systems, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: June 28, 2005 

/s/ John W. Casella 

John W. Casella 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a05-11395_1ex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
(18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

I, Richard A. Norris,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Casella Waste Systems, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: June 28, 2005 

/s/ Richard A. Norris 

Richard A. Norris 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a05-11395_1ex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 
 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, each of the undersigned certifies that this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2005 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in this report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of Casella Waste Systems, Inc. 

/s/ John W. Casella 

Dated: June 28, 2005 

John W. Casella 

Chief Executive Officer 
 and Director 

/s/ Richard A. Norris 

Dated: June 28, 2005 

Richard A. Norris 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial 
 Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 a05-11395_1ex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

US GreenFiber, LLC 

 Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 

US GreenFiber, LLC 

 Index 
December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 

Report of Independent
 Auditors 

Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets 

Statements
 of Operations and Members Equity 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Notes to Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Auditors 

To the Board of Managers 
US GreenFiber, LLC 

In
our opinion, the accompanying balance sheets and the related statements of
operations and members equity and of cash flows present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of US GreenFiber, LLC (the Company at December 31, 2004 and 2003, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2004, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these
statements in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the
United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

January 26, 2005 

1 

US GreenFiber, LLC 

 Balance
Sheets 

 December 31, 2004 and 2003 

2004 

2003 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

3,287,499 

3,655,456 

Accounts
 receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately 183,000 in
 2004 and 250,000 in 2003 

20,867,384 

18,123,774 

Futures contract
 (Note 4) 

5,500,000 

3,608,000 

Other assets 

1,797,405 

1,356,208 

Inventory 

4,870,091 

4,154,170 

Total current
 assets 

36,322,379 

30,897,607 

Property, plant
 and equipment, net 

31,582,749 

29,615,095 

Intangible
 assets, net 

2,245,768 

2,264,499 

Total assets 

70,150,896 

62,777,201 

Liabilities
 and Members Equity 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts payable 

9,075,168 

6,937,249 

Accrued liabilities 

6,622,263 

4,574,284 

Current portion
 of capital lease obligation 

196,515 

113,963 

Total current
 liabilities 

15,893,946 

11,625,496 

Capital lease
 obligation 

169,696 

139,787 

Other long-term liabilities 

453,557 

Total liabilities 

16,517,199 

11,765,283 

Commitments (Note 6) 

Members equity 

53,633,697 

51,011,919 

Total
 liabilities and members equity 

70,150,896 

62,777,201 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

2 

US GreenFiber, LLC 

 Statements of Operations and Members Equity 

 Years Ended December 31,
2004, 2003 and 2002 

2004 

2003 

2002 

Sales 

123,529,053 

102,503,918 

96,787,114 

Cost of sales 

97,309,465 

79,941,482 

74,761,297 

Gross profit 

26,219,588 

22,562,436 

22,025,817 

Selling, general
 and administrative expenses 

21,451,360 

19,007,376 

15,387,981 

Income from
 operations 

4,768,228 

3,555,060 

6,637,835 

Other income
 (expense) 

(38,450 

7,059 

52,064 

Net income 

4,729,778 

3,562,119 

6,689,900 

Other
 comprehensive income (Note 4) 

1,892,000 

1,608,000 

2,470,000 

Comprehensive
 income 

6,621,778 

5,170,119 

9,159,900 

Members equity,
 beginning of year 

51,011,919 

49,841,800 

41,681,900 

Capital
 distribution to members 

(4,000,000 

(4,000,000 

(1,000,000 

Members equity,
 end of year 

53,633,697 

51,011,919 

49,841,800 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

3 

US GreenFiber, LLC 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

 Years Ended December 31,
2004, 2003 and 2002 

2004 

2003 

2002 

Cash
 flows from operating activities 

Net income 

4,729,778 

3,562,119 

6,689,900 

Adjustments to
 reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation 

5,342,072 

4,827,595 

4,319,575 

Amortization 

109,482 

109,482 

98,803 

Gain on disposal
 of assets 

(62,092 

(15,408 

(60,706 

Provision for
 accounts receivable 

66,961 

94,235 

55,677 

Changes in
 operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts
 receivable 

(2,810,571 

(4,873,487 

(2,518,566 

Inventories 

(715,921 

(517,232 

69,656 

Accounts payable 

1,710,800 

759,486 

261,653 

Accrued expenses 

2,047,979 

1,033,015 

(474,657 

Restructuring
 accrual 

(644,619 

Other assets 

(441,197 

9,324 

339,505 

Other
 liabilities 

453,557 

(600,000 

545,184 

Net cash
 provided by operating activities 

10,430,848 

4,389,129 

8,681,405 

Cash
 flows from investing activities 

Purchases of
 property, plant and equipment 

(7,061,183 

(4,563,912 

(4,959,964 

Purchases of
 intangible assets 

(90,750 

(34,364 

(79,736 

Proceeds from
 sale of property and equipment 

509,773 

415,713 

370,376 

Net cash used in
 investing activities 

(6,642,160 

(4,182,563 

(4,669,324 

Cash
 flows from financing activities 

Distribution to
 members 

(4,000,000 

(4,000,000 

(1,000,000 

Payments on
 capital lease obligation 

(156,645 

(59,218 

Payments on
 long-term debt 

(2,071,103 

Net cash used in
 financing activities 

(4,156,645 

(4,059,218 

(3,071,103 

Net decrease
 (increase) in cash and cash equivalents 

(367,957 

(3,852,652 

940,978 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Beginning of
 year 

3,655,456 

7,508,108 

6,567,130 

End of year 

3,287,499 

3,655,456 

7,508,108 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid during
 the year for interest 

28,580 

15,700 

59,600 

Supplemental
 schedule of noncash transactions 

Gain in fair
 market value of cash flow hedge derivatives 

1,892,000 

1,608,000 

2,470,000 

Purchase of
 equipment under capital leases 

269,106 

312,968 

Assets acquired
 through accounts payable 

427,119 

523,027 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 

4 

US
GreenFiber, LLC 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 

1. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies and Description of the Business 

Description of the Business 

US GreenFiber, LLC (the Company was incorporated in July 2000
under the state laws of Delaware. The
Company is an equally-owned joint venture formed by Louisiana-Pacific LP and Casella Waste Systems, Inc. Casella whereby each contributed
certain cellulose manufacturing operations to the joint venture. 

The Company, based in Charlotte, North Carolina, manufactures
and supplies cellulose insulation nation-wide to contractors, manufactured home
builders and retailers. The Company has
manufacturing facilities located in Atlanta, Georgia; Charlotte, North
Carolina; Delphos, Ohio; Denver, Colorado; Elkwood, Virginia; Norfolk,
Nebraska; Phoenix, Arizona; Sacramento, California; Tampa, Florida and Waco,
Texas. 

Under the terms of the joint venture agreement (the Agreement ),
net profits and losses are to be allocated first to each member based on their
respective Adjusted Capital Account and secondly, in accordance with their
Percentage Interests, as defined in the Agreement. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Inventories 

Inventories consist primarily of raw material (recycled
newspaper) and finished goods (cellulose insulation) and are valued at the
lower of average cost or market. 

As of December 31, 2004, the Company had entered into seventeen
raw material contracts with various suppliers in order to mitigate supply risk
on recycled newspaper. These contracts,
with various expiration dates through January 2009, require the Company to
purchase approximately 11,000 short tons of raw material per month at various
prices which approximates market prices as defined within the contracts. Of the seventeen, five are with an
affiliated company for the purchase of 4,550 short tons per month. 

The Company uses commodity futures contracts to manage price
exposures on anticipated purchases of raw material (Note 4). 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost. Expenditures for maintenance, repairs and
minor renewals are expensed as incurred. 
Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of assets as follows: 

Asset Classification 

Estimated 
 Useful Lives 

Buildings and improvements 

20 34 years 

Furniture and fixtures 

3 10 years 

Machinery and equipment 

1 13 years 

Trucks and trailers 

4 8 years 

5 

When assets are sold or retired, the related cost and
accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the respective
accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the determination of
income. 

The Company reviews the carrying value of property, plant and
equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future
cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future
cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized
equal to an amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of
assets. 

Intangible Assets 

Intangible
assets subject to amortization total approximately 1,013,000 and 1,032,000 at
December 31, 2004 and 2003, respectively, and consist principally of
patents and a noncompete agreement. 
Patents and non-compete agreement are amortized on a straight-line
method over useful lives of 15 and 5 years, respectively. Amortization of intangible assets charged to
operations amounted to approximately 109,000 for 2004 and 2003 and 99,000 for
2002. The Company evaluates the
recoverability of intangible assets when events or circumstances indicate a
possible inability to recover carrying amounts. Such evaluation is based on
various analyses, including cash flows and profitability projections. These analyses necessarily involve management
judgment. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
consists of the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the tangible
and intangible assets acquired in a purchase business combination in 2002. Goodwill is included in intangible assets and
totaled approximately 1,233,000 at December 31, 2004 and 2003. The Company evaluates the recoverability of
goodwill on an annual basis, or when events or circumstances indicate a
possible inability to recover carrying amounts. Such evaluation is based on the estimated fair
value of goodwill using various analyses, such as discounted cash flows and peer
industry data. These analyses
necessarily involve management judgment. 

Income Taxes 

The Company is a limited liability company. Accordingly, the accompanying financial
statements do not include any provision for federal or state income taxes. All income, losses, tax credits and
deductions are allocated to the Company s members and reported on the income
tax returns of each member. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

The Company maintains its cash in bank accounts that at times
exceed federally insured limits. 
Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and
trade receivables. The Company s
accounts receivable are derived from revenue earned from customers located in
the United States. The Company performs
ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and maintains an allowance for
doubtful accounts receivable based upon the expected collectability of accounts
receivable. 

6 

For the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 approximately
51 , 42 and 37 of sales were to six customers. As of December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002, 45 ,
37 and 33 of accounts receivable were from these six customers, respectively. 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue is recognized at the time goods are shipped and title
has transferred to the customer. 

Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Reclassifications 

Certain 2003 and 2002 information has been reclassified to
conform with the 2004 presentation. 

2. Inventories 

Inventories consist of the following at December 31: 

2004 

2003 

Parts 

84,957 

170,616 

Raw material 

3,603,581 

2,699,931 

Finished goods 

1,181,553 

1,283,623 

4,870,091 

4,154,170 

3. Property,
Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment consists of the following at December 31: 

2004 

2003 

Land 

174,608 

174,608 

Construction in
 progress 

861,180 

2,228,371 

Buildings and
 improvements 

3,908,778 

3,399,476 

Furniture and
 fixtures 

2,049,102 

1,710,356 

Machinery and
 equipment 

39,989,346 

33,190,097 

Trucks and
 trailers 

10,461,210 

9,799,209 

57,444,224 

50,502,117 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation 

(25,861,475 

(20,887,022 

31,582,749 

29,615,095 

7 

4. Derivative
Instruments 

Commodity Instruments 

The Company actively monitors its exposure to commodity
prices and uses derivative instruments to manage the impact of certain of these
risks. The Company uses derivatives only
for purposes of managing risk associated with underlying exposures. The Company does not trade or use instruments
with the objective of earning financial gains on the commodity price nor does
it use instruments where there are not underlying exposures. The Company s use of derivative financial
instruments may result in short-term gains or losses and increased earnings
volatility. Complex instruments
involving leverage or multipliers are not used. 
Management believes that its use of derivative instruments to manage
risk is in the Company s best interest. 

At the date new derivatives are entered into, the Company
designates the derivative as either (1) a hedge of a recognized asset or
liability or an unrecognized firm commitment (fair value hedge), or (2) a
hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to be
received or paid in the future related to a recognized asset or liability (cash
flow hedge). Existing commodity
instruments of the Company have been designated as cash flow hedges as of December 31,
2004, 2003 and 2002. For cash flow
hedges, the effective portion of the changes in the fair value of the
derivative that is designated as a cash flow hedge is recorded in other comprehensive
income. When the hedged item is realized, the gain or loss included in
accumulated other comprehensive income is reported on the same line in the
statements of income as the hedged item. In addition, the ineffective portion
of the changes in the fair value of derivatives used as cash flow hedges are
immediately recognized in cost of goods sold. 

The Company formally documents its hedge relationships,
including identifying the hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the
Company s risk management objectives and strategies for entering into the hedge
relationship. This process includes
matching the hedging instrument to the underlying hedged item (assets,
liabilities, firm commitments or forecasted transactions). At hedge inception and at least quarterly
thereafter, the Company assesses whether the derivatives used as hedges are
highly effective in offsetting changes in either the fair value or cash flows
of the hedged item. If it is determined
that a derivative ceases to be a highly effective hedge, the Company
discontinues hedge accounting, and any gains or losses on the derivative
instrument would be recognized in earnings during the period it no longer
qualifies as a hedge. 

The Company uses commodity swap contracts to manage price
exposures on anticipated purchases of raw material. Of the 346,000 tons, 303,000 tons and 288,000
tons of raw materials purchased during 2004, 2003 and 2002, approximately
169,000 tons, 180,000 tons and 131,000 tons were hedged with swap
contracts. The Company s strategy is to
hedge certain production requirements for various periods up to 60 months. As of December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002,
approximately 149,000 tons, 167,000 tons and 171,000 tons or 39 , 56 and 56 ,
respectively, of production requirements for the next 12 months were
hedged. 

As of December 31, 2004 and 2003, the fair value of outstanding
commodity contracts, based on quotes from brokers, reflected on the balance
sheets were approximately 5.5 million and 3.6 million, respectively. Gains of approximately 1,892,000, 1,608,000
and 2,470,000, respectively, are included in the financial statements as other
comprehensive income in the statements of operations and members equity for
the years ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002. 

8 

Foreign Currency Instruments 

In December 2004, the Company entered into forward
contracts to manage price exposures associated with future capital expenditures
commitments denominated in Euros. These
foreign currency contracts have not been designated by the Company as
accounting hedges and are therefore marked-to-market through current period
earnings (treated as economic hedges). 
As of December 31, 2004, approximately 75 of the total capital
commitment of 4.6 million was economically hedged. The total impact on current period earnings
associated with changes in value of these forward contracts was immaterial. 

5. Financing 

The Company has an unsecured revolving credit facility for
borrowings of up to 10 million that matures on June 30, 2006. Interest on the facility accrues at LIBOR plus
1.25 . There was 2,137,000 and 2,200,000
in letters of credit outstanding under this facility as of December 31, 2004
and 2003. 

6. Commitments
and Contingencies 

The Company leases property and equipment under noncancelable
capital and operating lease agreements with various expiration dates through June 30,
2009. 

The following is a schedule, by year, of the future minimum
payments under capital and operating leases, together with the present value of
the net minimum payments as of December 31, 2004: 

Capital 
 Leases 

Operating 
 Leases 

Year
 ending December 31 

2005 

196,515 

2,545,144 

2006 

128,937 

2,371,410 

2007 

41,995 

1,815,896 

2008 

5,073 

1,113,105 

2009 

4,651 

547,429 

Thereafter 

160,333 

Total minimum
 payments 

377,171 

8,553,317 

Less: Amount
 representing interest 

(10,960 

Present value of
 net minimum lease payments 

366,211 

Less: Current
 portion of capital lease obligation 

196,515 

Capital lease
 obligation 

169,696 

Rent expense for property, plant and equipment for the years
ended December 31, 2004, 2003 and 2002 was approximately 3,328,000, 3,169,000
and 3,104,000, respectively. 

Each year claims and lawsuits may arise out of the normal
conduct of its business. Although the
ultimate outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty,
management of the Company believes that the resulting liability, if any, will not
have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

9 

7. Benefit
Plans 

The Company s overall compensation and benefits program
includes four nonqualified incentive bonus/employee profit sharing plans. Benefits payable under these plans are
calculated based on the Company s performance against budgeted earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA and are allocated
based on the Company s financial performance (65 and each participant s
individual performance (35 ). Liabilities
associated with these plans totaled approximately 1,554,000 and 850,000 at December 31,
2004 and 2003, respectively, and are in included in accrued expenses. 

The Company has established a long-term incentive plan LIP for certain directors and senior management designed to compensate these
individuals for the creation of long-term business value. The plan provides an LIP pool based on a
defined formula designed to equate to 5 of the equity created at the end of
the three-year vesting period. The
Company had accrued approximately 454,000 at December 31, 2004 and 0
accrued at December 31, 2003 for the LIP, which is included in other
long-term liabilities. 

Additionally, the Company sponsors a 401(k) defined
contribution plan covering substantially all employees. Each year, participants may contribute
amounts up to 15 of pretax compensation. Total contributions to the plan were
approximately 333,000, 289,000 and 170,000 during 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively. 

Effective January 1, 2003, the Plan adopted the
provisions of a Safe Harbor Plan. To
satisfy the requirements of a Safe Harbor Plan, the employer match is no longer
discretionary and is required to be 100 of the first 3 of employee
contributions and 50 of the next 2 of employee contributions. 

8. Related
Party Transactions 

During 2004, the Company, in the normal course of business,
incurred various charges from LP and Casella. 
These expenses, primarily for rent, shared customer rebate incentive
programs, and shared personnel, for the years ended December 31, 2004,
2003 and 2002 totaled approximately 312,000, 443,000 and 518,000,
respectively. 

Additionally, the Company purchased raw materials (recycled
newspaper) from an affiliated company during 2004, 2003 and 2002 of
approximately 3,311,000, 2,866,000 and 3,214,000, respectively. 

The Company had accounts payable to LP of 120,000 at December 31,
2004 and no amounts payable at December 31, 2003. 

10 

</EX-99.1>

