<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080115_10-K_edgar_data_1157004_0001300964-08-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1264600</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175749</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>832324</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001300964-08-000014.hdr.sgml : 20080115
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080115145845
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001300964-08-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20080111
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080115
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BETTER BIODIESEL, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001157004
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-67174
		FILM NUMBER:		08530980

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		355 SOUTH 1550 WEST
		CITY:			SPANISH FORK
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84660
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-798-7576

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		355 SOUTH 1550 WEST
		CITY:			SPANISH FORK
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84660

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOUNTAIN STATES HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOUNTAIN STATES LENDING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 HV7mUf25v6fwbJc15gMxzpZhxMkS+PagUxBcbOZ/9ZlRxScMK5BggAcExwZGj3H2
 RQnUxCYYbRgpWs1JmtucAw==

 0001300964-08-000014.txt : 20080115

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm
 FORM 10-KSB

form10-k.htm 

UNITED
 STATES 

 SECURITIES
 AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
 D.C. 20549 

Form
 10-KSB 

[X]
 ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934 

 For
 Fiscal Year Ended 

 September
 30, 2007 

Commission
 File # 333-67174 

BETTER
 BIODIESEL, INC. 

 (A
 Development Stage Company) 

 (Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Colorado 

 (State
 or
 other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

84-1153946 

(IRS
 Employer Identification Number) 

355
 South
 1550 West 

 Spanish
 Fork, UT 84660 

 (Address
 of principal executive offices)(Zip Code) 

(801) 798-7576 

 (Registrant's
 telephone no., including area code) 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: None 

 Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, no
 par
 value 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
 be
 filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
 the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
 to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
 for
 the past 90 days. 

 Yes
 x 
 No o 

Check
 if
 there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of
 Regulation S-B not contained in this form, and no disclosure will be contained,
 to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
 statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-KSB or any
 amendment to this Form 10-KSB. x 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 

 Yes
 o 
 No x 

Registrant s
 revenues for the twelve months ended September 30, 2007 were
 11,925. 

Aggregate
 market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant
 as of September 30, 2007 was 9,183,752 

Number
 of
 shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of January 10, 2008
 was
 15,195,001. 

1 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

 PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. DESCRIPTION OF
 BUSINESS 3 

 ITEM
 2. PROPERTY ...13 

 ITEM
 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS ..14 

 ITEM
 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE BY SECURITY
 HOLDERS .14 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
 MATTERS, 

COMPANY
 PURCHASES OF EQUITY AND SECURITIES ..14 

 ITEM
 6. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
 FINANCIAL 

 CONDITION
 AND
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 16 

 ITEM
 7. FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS ....21 

 ITEM
 8A. CONTROLS AND
 PROCEDURES .21 

 ITEM
 8B. OTHER INFORMATION 22 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 9. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS 23 

 ITEM
 10. EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION ..26 

 Stock
 Options Granted in Fiscal 2006 26 

 ITEM
 11. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 AND 

 MANAGEMENT
 AND
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS ..28 

 ITEM
 12. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
 TRANSACTIONS 29 

 ITEM
 13. EXHIBITS LIST AND REPORTS ON FORM
 8-K .29 

 ITEM
 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
 SERVICES ..29 

2 

DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
 STATEMENTS 

This
 Form
 10-KSB release contains forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can
 identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, 
 should, could, expects, plans, intends, anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of such terms
 and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include,
 without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies,
 competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business
 plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe
 that
 the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
 we
 cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or
 achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions
 discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within
 which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors
 that could materially affect these forward-looking statements include, among
 other things, the company s ability to, (i) obtain and/or produce and market and
 distribute biodiesel fuel; (ii) the Company s ability to obtain contracts with
 fuel producers and suppliers of raw materials (for the Company s production of
 biodiesel fuel) and distributors of the Company s biodiesel fuel product; (iii)
 the risks inherent in the mutual performance of such supplier and distributor
 contracts (including the Company s performance); (iv) the Company s ability to
 develop, protect and defend its proprietary technology; (v) the Company s
 ability to secure and retain management capable of managing growth; (vi) the
 Company s ability to raise necessary financing to execute the Company's business
 plan; and (vii) the Company's ability to comply with all applicable federal,
 state and local government and international rules and regulations; and other
 factors discussed in Better Biodiesel s filings with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission. 

Our
 management has included projections and estimates in this Form 10-KSB, which
 are
 based primarily on management s experience in the industry, assessments of our
 results of operations, discussions and negotiations with third parties and
 a
 review of information filed by our competitors with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission or otherwise publicly available. We caution readers not to
 place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only
 as
 of the date made. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise
 any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
 date
 of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated
 events. 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. DESCRIPTION OF
 BUSINESS 

Better
 Biodiesel Inc., a Colorado corporation Better Biodiesel or the Company ),
 whose headquarters is located at 355 South 1550 West, Spanish Fork, Utah, 84660,
 is a development stage company engaged in the commercial development
 of (i) proprietary biodiesel fuel technology (ii) the supply of biodiesel raw
 materials and (iii) marketing and distribution of biodiesel fuel
 products. 

We
 were
 previously known as Mountain States Holdings, Inc. Mountain
 States ). Mountain States was incorporated in November 1990 as a
 Colorado corporation under the name Slam Dunk Enterprises, Inc. The
 corporation was inactive until May 1998 when it started engaging in the business
 of providing first and second mortgage financing under the name of Mountain
 States Lending, Inc. During January 2001, the Company filed articles
 of amendment with the Colorado Secretary of State changing the corporation's
 name to Mountain States Lending, Inc., and during September 2002 the Company
 changed the name to Mountain States Holdings, Inc. In September 2002,
 the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary named Mountain States Lending,
 Inc.
 Mountain States Lending ), and on December 31, 2002, the Company transferred
 all of its assets and liabilities related to the mortgage lending business
 to
 this new subsidiary. In August 2006, all of the Company's assets and
 liabilities resided in two wholly-owned subsidiaries that were spun-off to
 two
 stockholders, one of whom was the former CEO of the Company, in exchange for
 325,000 pre-split (162,500 post-split) shares of the Company's common
 stock. 

In
 September 2006, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with
 Domestic Energy Partners, LLC, a Utah limited liability company DEP ),
 pursuant to which it acquired all of the equity interests in DEP (the Share
 Exchange ). On September 20, 2006, prior to the closing of its
 Exchange Agreement with DEP, a majority of the shareholders of the Company
 at a
 special meeting of the shareholders approved amendments to the Company s
 Articles of Incorporation to change the Company s name to Better Biodiesel,
 Inc., and to reverse split its shares of common stock on the basis of one share
 for each two shares issued and outstanding, with all fractional shares rounded
 up to the nearest whole share. The foregoing amendments were effective September
 21, 2006. 

3 

DEP
 was
 organized as a limited liability corporation on May 18, 2005, having
 previously commenced operations in November 2004, to develop alternative fuel
 sources, particularly the manufacture and distribution of biodiesel
 products. The Exchange Agreement between the Company and DEP is
 accounted for as a reverse merger, which is equivalent to a recapitalization
 of
 the Company. Thus, the September 30, 2006 Financial Statements for
 the Company s Form 10-KSB (for the fiscal year ended September 2006), presents
 the Company as being in the development stage with the assets and liabilities
 in
 the consolidated balance sheets representing the book values of DEP s assets and
 liabilities and the operations in the consolidated statement of operations
 representing the operations of DEP at that time. The Financial
 Statements for the Fiscal Year ended 2007, which are the Financial Statements
 included in this 10-KSB, continue this methodology. 

Until
 recently the Company focused almost exclusively on the development of
 proprietary technology to enable the production of biodiesel fuel from all
 types
 of animal fats as well as virgin oils derived from vegetative sources such
 soybeans, rapeseed, palm and switch grass, for example. Better
 Biodiesel s production process focused on eliminating the use of the caustic
 chemical catalyst and thereby limiting the washing process in favor of a
 streamlined, continuous flow production method. Eliminating the
 washing process also eliminated the need for outdoor evaporation ponds which
 require several acres of land devoted to the removal of caustic chemical through
 the evaporation of the water used in the washing process. 

The
 Company and its advisors continued to develop and evaluate the proprietary
 technology during, and subsequent to, the fiscal year ended
 2007. Based on its evaluation, on December 20, 2007, the Company
 entered into and closed an Asset Purchase, Settlement and Mutual Release
 Agreement with Ron Crafts, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
 John Crawford, President, Chief Technology Officer and a Director of the
 Company, Lynn Dean Crawford, Chief Operations Officer of the Company, James
 Crawford, Mary Crafts, and Culinary Crafts, LLC, under which Ron Crafts, John
 Crawford, Lynn Dean Crawford and James Crawford exchanged a total of
 15,750,000 shares
 of common stock of the Company in exchange for all of the rights, title and
 interest held in the invention identified in the patent application assigned
 to
 the Company, along with certain other assets (a detailed description of the
 agreement is provided in Item 8B of this annual report, the Asset Sale
 Agreement ). 

Seven
 shareholders of the Company beneficially owning a total of 24,751,000 shares
 of
 the Company s 30,945,001 total issued and outstanding shares of common stock
 consented to the Asset Sale Agreement, in accordance with Section 7-107-104
 and
 Section 7-112-102 of the Colorado Revised Statutes. Excluding
 shareholders with a direct interest in the assets sold in the Asset Sale
 Agreement, three shareholders beneficially owning a total of 9,001,000 shares
 consented out of the remaining 15,154,001 total shares that are considered
 disinterested in the assets of the transaction. 

On
 December 20, 2007, the Company accepted the resignations of Ron Crafts from
 his
 positions as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer,
 John Crawford, from his positions as Director and as President and Chief
 Technology Officer, and Lynn Dean Crawford from his position as Chief Operations
 Officer. The resignations were the result of the Board of Director s
 and management s decision to broaden its business plan, as described in the
 following paragraph, and the resulting Asset Sale Agreement, in response to
 management s belief that the proprietary technology included in the Asset Sale
 Agreement would not be ready for large-scale commercial use in the near term,
 requiring the Company to modify its business plan and to identify new revenue
 opportunities in the biodiesel industry. 

The
 remaining management of the Company continues to focus on the Company s
 operations in the biodiesel industry, while shifting its business plan, from
 a
 singular focus on biodiesel production through proprietary technology, to a
 broader business plan including, in addition to research and development of
 biodiesel fuel technology, the supply of biodiesel raw materials vertically
 integrated with the marketing and distribution of biodiesel fuel
 products. The Company intends to appoint additional management
 and directors during the first half of 2008. 

4 

Biodiesel,
 unlike ethanol-- which requires modifications to both engines and fuel
 infrastructure and distribution systems-- can be used in any conventional diesel
 engine, without requiring any modifications to existing diesel engines and
 distribution infrastructure, while providing substantially similar energy
 output. Biodiesel is fully biodegradable, pollutes less than
 petroleum diesel and can be distributed by the existing petroleum distribution
 system without further downstream infrastructure investments. 

In
 the
 United States, a primary driver of biodiesel fuel demand stems from the Energy
 Policy Act of 2005, which mandates the increased use of all renewable fuel
 from
 2.5 billion to 7.5 billion gallons by 2010. Moreover, The Energy
 Independence and Security Act of 2007 sets a mandatory Renewable Fuel Standard
 (RFS) requiring fuel producers to use a minimum of 36 billion gallons of biofuel
 in 2022, nearly five-fold increase over current levels. Additional drivers
 are
 the Energy Policy Act of 1994, which mandates the use of renewable fuel by
 federal, state and utility fleets. The U.S. Navy mandates the use of
 20 biodiesel in non-tactical vehicles. Additionally, many states
 including, by way of example, California, Washington and Minnesota have issued
 their own mandates of 2 (B2) blended biodiesel or higher. Currently,
 the domestic availability of biodiesel fuel falls below the mandated demand
 by
 more than 1 billion gallons per year. The U.S. Government pays a
 Blenders Tax Credit of 0.50 to 1.00 per gallon produced in addition to 0.10
 per gallon for the first 15 million gallons produced at any single
 location. 

Biodiesel
 Fuel - Market
 Overview 

Biodiesel
 fuel is fully interchangeable with petroleum diesel. The domestic
 market for diesel fuel in 2005 was 70 billion gallons and at least 200 billion
 gallons for the rest of the world. In 2005, the combined worldwide
 biodiesel refining capacity was less than 800 million gallons. 

Better
 Biodiesel believes that most prospective end users of biodiesel will be
 individuals and entities requiring the lowest possible pollution levels in
 their
 vehicle and machinery emissions. These include trucking companies
 operating in states with biodiesel initiatives (see chart below), inner city
 transport companies that are required to reduce their fleet pollution levels
 and
 other users who also require the advantages of less polluting fuel. 

Biodiesel
 blends such as B5 and B20 (5 biodiesel blended with 95 petrol diesel, and
 20 
 biodiesel blended with 80 petrol diesel respectively) are currently the most
 common way that biodiesel reaches end users. When used as a blended
 fuel, biodiesel becomes an additive to petroleum diesel that substantially
 lowers toxic emissions like carbon based gases while improving the performance
 and longevity of the engine. 

The
 domestic and international petroleum based diesel fuel market is a mature
 industry. In Europe, over 60 of the cars, buses, trucks, ships and
 trains are powered by diesel fuels. In the U.S., the total petroleum
 diesel fuel consumption was approximately 70 billion gallons in
 2005. Based on the interchangeability of petroleum diesel and
 biodiesel fuel and current shortfall of supply as compared to demand in the
 U.S.
 biodiesel industry, without considering a potential increase in the percentage
 of diesel to gasoline fuel consumption, unmet demand for biodiesel fuel seems
 likely to require at least 10 years to resolve. 

Biodiesel
 can be used in 100 pure form (B100) or as an additive to petroleum
 diesel. It requires no additional investment or alterations by fuel
 distributors for piping, pumps or transportation equipment. And all
 conventional diesel engines are can sun on biodiesel so no investments are
 required by existing diesel car, bus, truck, ship or train
 owners. The efficient logistics of biodiesel fuel, therefore, create
 a significant competitive advantage. 

The
 2005
 U.S. petroleum diesel market was approximately 70 billion gallons and is
 expected to grow 10 per year over the next several years. The
 Federally mandated B2 blends (98 petroleum diesel plus 2 biodiesel) demand
 translates into a 1.4 billion gallon U.S. market. In 2005, the total
 U.S. biodiesel production was only 70 million gallons. Even
 considering the 400+ million GPY of announced production under construction
 at
 this time, management believes that biodiesel fuel supply will lag behind the
 increasing demand for many years. 

5 

Competitive
 Conditions 

The
 European market for biodiesel fuel is significantly more mature than the
 domestic biodiesel market. The existing European technology employs
 customary production methods (also described above), producing over 700 million
 gallons of biodiesel fuel per year. The major biodiesel fuel
 producers in the current market are Archer Daniels Midland, Altra Biofuels,
 Australian Renewable Fuels, D-1 Oils and Renewable Energy
 Group. Several oil companies including Chevron and Exxon Mobil have
 announced construction of 100 million GPY plants using the European industry
 technology to come online by 2008. 

Raw
 Materials 

Under
 management s current plan to vertically integrate its biofuels business to
 incorporate raw material (feed stock) procurement into its production, supply
 and distribution chain, Better Biodiesel has commenced negotiating with land
 cooperatives and agricultural concerns with the goal of securing land and
 interests devoted to the cultivation and procurement of renewable crops and
 diverse feedstock suitable for conversion to biodiesel fuel. The
 choice of feedstock crops in a particular region would be based on the unique
 weather patterns, soil conditions, native vegetation and other resources found
 of that particular region of the U.S. as well a internationally, but may include
 a combination of any or all of rapeseed, switchgrass, soybeans, cottonseed,
 canola, palm, coconut, fats from animal processing plants and other organic
 debris. 

 Management
 believes the value of long term supply chain commitments adds significant value
 to the enterprise valuation. 

Licenses 

All
 necessary
 applications have been filed with the EPA (Environmental Protection Agency)
 and
 the IRS (Federal Internal Revenue Service). All necessary
 state and county business licenses have been issued to Better
 Biodiesel. Better Biodiesel adheres to all state and federal
 requirements for the health and safety of its employees. 

Research
 and
 Development 

During
 the twelve months ended September 30, 2007 and the nine months ended September
 30, 2006 the Company spent 43,502 and 26,544 on Research and Development,
 respectively. 

Employees 

As
 of
 September 30, 2007, the Company employed six full time employees. 

Domestic
 Biodiesel Production
 Capacity and Demand 

Current
 demand for all diesel fuel (bio- and petrol-) is estimated at approximately
 65
 billion gallons, while current domestic production of biodiesel is a mere 300
 million gallons. 

Three
 important trends define the biodiesel fuel market: 

1) 

Declining
 petroleum diesel supply 

2) 

Increasing
 petroleum diesel prices 

3) 

Mandated
 demand for lower polluting, renewable, and locally produced
 fuels. 

In
 spite
 of favorable market forecasts for biodiesel, increasing costs of biodiesel
 feedstock, resulting from increasing demand, and possible innovations of other
 alternative fuels (ethanol, for example) may reduce any future biodiesel pricing
 advantages that the company expects from increasing demand for petroleum
 diesel. Currently, biodiesel market prices are 10 - 15 higher than
 petroleum diesel. Biodiesel fuel contains approximately 90 of the
 energy of petroleum diesel. 

6 

Marketing
 Strategy 
Positioning 

Better
 Biodiesel s marketing efforts will emphasize the inherent benefits of biodiesel
 fuel and cost savings of the Company s proprietary technology and equipment
 design: 

1 .
 Biodiesel
 reduces emissions
 significantly. The use of biodiesel in a conventional diesel
 engine results in substantial reduction of unburned hydrocarbons, carbon
 monoxide, and particulate matter as compared with petroleum
 diesel. Biodiesel provides a decrease in the solid carbon fraction of
 particulate matter (since the oxygen in biodiesel enables more complete
 combustion to CO2) and eliminates the sulfate fraction (as there is no sulfur
 in
 the fuel), while the soluble, or hydrocarbon, fraction stays the same or is
 increased. Emissions of nitrogen oxides indicate mixed results as emissions
 test
 of nitrogen oxides have shown either slightly reduced or slightly increased
 depending on the duty cycle and testing methods. 

Biodiesel
 works well with new technologies such as catalysts, particulate traps, and
 exhaust gas recirculation. Soy biodiesel reduces carbon dioxide by 78 on a
 life
 cycle basis. 

2. Biodiesel
 exhaust is less
 offensive. The use of biodiesel and biodiesel blends results in a
 noticeably less offensive exhaust odor than petroleum diesel. Users
 also report absence of eye irritation when compare with petroleum
 diesel. Furthermore, since biodiesel is oxygenated, diesel engines
 have more complete combustion with biodiesel than with petroleum
 diesel. 

3. Biodiesel
 is safer to
 use than petroleum diesel. The flash point (the point at which fuel
 ignites) for biodiesel in its pure form is a minimum of 260 degrees versus
 about
 125 degrees Fahrenheit for regular No. 2 diesel, making biodiesel a
 significantly safer fuel to use, handle and store. 

Better
 Biodiesel believes the rapidly expanding market of building biodiesel fuel
 refineries will enter a period of consolidation by 2010. During this
 expected consolidation, undercapitalized and unqualified entrants may become
 targets of acquisition by larger, better-capitalized oil
 incumbents. Better Biodiesel intends to exploit its competitive
 advantages to pursue strategic relationships or business combination with
 multiple, incumbent energy or agricultural companies to enhance the Company s
 market position. 

Marketing
 and
 Sales 

Our
 marketing efforts intend to target fuel blenders and distributors nationally.
 These activities will employ: 

1. 

Press
 and Advertising: We will concentrate our marketing message on the
 unique
 advantages of biofuels compared with conventional petroleum
 diesel. We will
 leverage: 

a. 

Advertisements
 in local and national newspapers and
 periodicals; 

b. 

Advertising
 in industry trade journals and targeted environmental publications;
 and 

c. 

Coverage
 in alternative fuel websites and web
 blogs. 

2. 

Attending
 and speaking at conferences and
 seminars. 

3. 

Attending
 and exhibiting at energy events and industry trade
 shows. 

Risk
 Factors 

You
 should carefully read and
 consider the risks and uncertainties below and the other information contained
 in this report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not
 the only ones we may face. The following risks, together with the
 additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
 currently deem immaterial could impair our financial condition and results
 of
 operation. 

7 

Risks
 Related to Our Business and
 Industry 

Our
 current operations have a
 limited operating history, which make us a speculative
 investment. 

Since
 the
 inception of business operations, we have been engaged in organizational
 activities, including developing a strategic operating plan, entering into
 contracts, hiring personnel, developing and refining, altering and supplementing
 our processing technology, raising private equity capital and seeking
 acquisitions. Accordingly, we have limited relevant operating history
 upon which an evaluation of our performance and prospects can be
 made. We are subject to all of the business risks associated with a
 new enterprise, including, but not limited to, risks of unforeseen capital
 requirements, failure to obtain market acceptance, failure to establish business
 relationships and assorted competitive disadvantages against larger and more
 established companies. 

We
 have had a history of net losses
 and our biodiesel technologies are unproven on a large-scale commercial basis
 and could fail to perform in a commercial production environment, which could
 have a detrimental effect on the long-term capital appreciation of our
 stock. 

During
 the period from November 1, 2004 (date of inception) through September 30,
 2007,
 we have incurred a net loss of 2,840,482, and may incur additional losses
 thereafter, depending upon our ability to generate material revenues or achieve
 profitable operations from biodiesel production, supply and
 distribution. While production of biodiesel fuel is a mature
 technology, other technologies for production may still be in
 development. The biodiesel technologies that we pursue have never
 been utilized on a large-scale commercial basis. All of the tests
 conducted to date by us with respect to our biodiesel technologies have been
 performed on limited quantities of feedstocks, and we cannot assure that the
 same or similar results could be obtained at competitive costs on a large-scale
 commercial basis. 

We
 have
 never utilized these biodiesel technologies under the conditions or in the
 volumes that will be required to be profitable and cannot predict all of the
 difficulties that may arise. It is possible that the technologies,
 when used, may require further research, development, design and testing prior
 to larger-scale commercialization. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
 that these technologies will perform successfully on a large-scale commercial
 basis or that they will be profitable to us. 

Failure
 to make accretive
 acquisitions and to successfully integrate them could adversely affect our
 future financial results. 

As
 part
 of our growth strategy, we will seek to acquire or invest in complementary
 (including competitive) businesses, facilities or technologies and enter into
 co-location joint ventures. Our goal is to make such acquisitions,
 integrate these acquired assets into our operations and reduce operating
 expenses. The process of integrating these acquired assets into our
 operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures
 and
 may absorb significant management attention that would otherwise be available
 for the ongoing development of our current business. We cannot assure
 you that the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions will be realized, nor
 of
 the long term survival of our business in the absence of such
 acquisitions. In addition, future acquisitions by us could result in
 potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt
 and
 contingent liabilities and amortization expenses related to goodwill and other
 intangible assets, any of which can materially and adversely affect our
 operating results and financial position. 

Our
 business employs proprietary
 technology and information which may be difficult to protect and may infringe
 on
 the intellectual property rights of third parties. 

Our
 success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain patents, maintain trade
 secrecy and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third
 parties. We cannot assure you that the patents of others will not
 have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business, that we will
 develop additional proprietary technology that is patentable, that any such
 applications will be approved, or that any patents issued to us will provide
 us
 with any competitive advantages or will not be challenged by third
 parties. Further, we cannot assure you that others will not
 independently develop similar or superior technologies, duplicate elements
 of
 our technology or design around it. 

8 

It
 is
 possible that we may need to acquire licenses to, or to contest the validity
 of,
 issued or pending patents or claims of third parties. We cannot
 assure you that any license acquired under such patents would be made available
 to us on acceptable terms, if at all, or that we would prevail in any such
 contest. In addition, we could incur substantial costs in defending
 ourselves in suits brought against us for alleged infringement of another
 party s patents or in defending the validity or enforceability of our patents,
 or in bringing patent infringement suits against other parties based on our
 patents. 

In
 addition to patent protection, we also rely on trade secrets, proprietary
 know-how and technology that we seek to protect, in part or in whole, by
 confidentiality agreements with prospective joint venture partners, employees
 and consultants. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not
 be breached, or that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that
 our
 trade secrets and proprietary know-how will not otherwise become known or be
 independently discovered by others. 

We
 will have a need for financing in
 order to sustain our operations and in order to expand, which may not be
 available when needed. If we cannot obtain needed funding to sustain
 our operations we may have to curtail our operations, sell some of our assets
 or
 take actions that may dilute the financial interests of our shareholders and
 creditors. 

We
 have
 financed our operations to date primarily through capital contributions by
 Company stockholders, Company founders, and through the issuance of debt. Based on our current
 financial position, cash forecast and plan of operation, we believe, but can
 not
 be certain, that we do not have adequate cash resources to sustain our
 operations through the next fiscal year unless we are able to raise additional
 capital. 

Additionally,
 future capital requirements could vary significantly and will depend on certain
 factors, many of which are not within our control. These include the
 nature of ongoing development and testing of our proprietary biodiesel
 technologies, the nature and timing of necessary plant acquisitions and
 improvements, permitting, and the availability of financing. The
 development of our business will require us to commit significant capital
 resources in amounts substantially in excess of our current financial
 resources. 

We
 are dependent
 upon management,
 whom we need to succeed. 

We
 believe that our continued success will depend to a significant extent upon
 our
 ability to retain management capable of facilitating capital financing and
 of
 executing our business plan, but have a limited management team at this
 time. We are currently seeking strategic management for these
 purposes. See Management. 

We
 are smaller and have fewer
 financial resources than many larger biodiesel producers; therefore, we may
 not
 be able to successfully compete in the biodiesel
 industry. 

There
 is
 significant pricing competition among biodiesel producers. Our
 business faces competition from larger plants, from plants that can produce
 a
 wider range of products than we produce, and from similar biodiesel
 participants. Many of our competitors have greater resources than we
 currently have. Large biodiesel producers are capable of producing a
 significantly greater amount of biodiesel than we can and expect to produce,
 and
 to draw upon economies of scale that are not yet available to us. 

Competition
 from large producers of
 petroleum-based diesel fuels and other competitive products may impact our
 profitability. 

We
 will
 also compete with producers of other petroleum-based diesel fuels having similar
 performance and tail-pipe emissions characteristics as biodiesel, if not the
 life-cycle emissions advantage that we foresee arising from vegetative based
 biodiesel. The major oil companies have significantly greater
 resources than we have to develop alternative products and to influence
 legislation and public perception of biodiesel. These other companies
 also have significant resources to begin production of biodiesel should they
 choose to participate. 

9 

Our
 profits are impacted by
 feedstock oil prices, which could impact the value of your
 investment. 

Our
 biodiesel production is dependant on feedstock oils, which are derived from
 agricultural commodities such as soybeans, and animal fats. A
 significant reduction in the harvest of these commodities due to adverse weather
 conditions, farmer planting decisions, domestic and foreign government farm
 programs and policies, global demand and supply, or other factors could result
 in increased feedstock oil costs, which would thus increase our cost to produce
 biodiesel. The significance and relative impact of these factors on
 the price of these feedstock oil commodities is difficult to predict, but such
 pricing pressure due to commodity prices has already negatively impacted both
 corn based ethanol and biodiesel. Any events that tend to negatively
 impact the supply of feedstock oil commodities will tend to increase prices
 and
 harm our business. 

Rising
 feedstock prices produce lower profit margins for the production of biodiesel
 and, therefore, represent unfavorable market conditions. This is
 especially true when market conditions do not allow us to pass along increased
 feedstock costs to our customers, which is generally the case where petroleum
 biodiesel is priced more favorably or at a similar level. 

The
 price
 of soybeans and other feedstock commodities has fluctuated significantly in
 the
 past and may fluctuate significantly in the future. We cannot assure
 you that we will be able to offset any increase in the price of feedstock by
 increasing the price of our product. If we cannot offset increases in
 the price of feedstock oil, our financial performance may be materially and
 adversely affected. 

If
 petroleum diesel prices drop
 significantly, we will also be forced to reduce our prices, which potentially
 may lead to further losses. 

Prices
 for biodiesel products can vary significantly over time and decreases in price
 levels could adversely affect our profitability and viability. The
 price of biodiesel has some relation to the price of petroleum diesel as well
 as
 gasoline. The price of biodiesel tends to decrease as the price of
 petroleum diesel decreases, in order to remain competitive. Any
 lowering of petroleum prices will likely lead to lower prices for biodiesel
 and
 adversely affect our operating results. We cannot assure you that we
 will be able to sell our biodiesel profitably, or at all. 

Increased
 biodiesel production in
 the United States could increase the demand for feedstocks and the resulting
 price of feedstocks, reducing our profitability. 

Increased
 biodiesel production without a similar (or greater) increase in feed stock
 supply would likely lead to an increase in feedstock prices, resulting in higher
 production costs and lower profits. We believe that our plan to
 pursue greater vertical integration in production and supply, including
 participation in feedstock investment and development, will help reduce these
 risks. 

Price
 increases or interruptions in
 needed energy supplies could cause loss of customers and impair our
 profitability. 

Biodiesel
 production requires a constant and consistent supply of energy. If
 there is any interruption in our supply of energy for whatever reason, such
 as
 availability, delivery or mechanical problems, we may be required to halt
 production. If we halt production for any extended period of time, it
 will have a material adverse effect on our business. Natural gas and
 electricity prices have historically fluctuated significantly. We
 purchase significant amounts of these resources as part of our biodiesel
 production. Increases in the price of natural gas or electricity
 would harm our business and financial results by increasing our energy
 costs. 

10 

Risks
 Related to Government
 Regulation and Subsidization 

Federal
 regulations concerning tax
 incentives could expire or change, which could cause an erosion of the current
 competitive strength of the biodiesel industry. 

Congress
 currently provides certain federal tax credits for biodiesel producers and
 marketers. The biodiesel industry and our business will depend on
 continuation of these credits until significant increases in raw material supply
 and production efficiencies are attained. The credits have supported
 a market for biodiesel that might disappear without the credits. 

These
 credits may not continue beyond their scheduled expiration date or, if they
 continue, the incentives may not be at the same level. The revocation
 or amendment of any one or more of these tax incentives could adversely affect
 the future use of biodiesel in a material way, and we cannot assure investors
 that any of these tax incentives will be continued. The elimination
 or reduction of federal tax incentives to the biodiesel industry could have
 a
 material adverse impact on our business by making it more costly or difficult
 for it to produce and sell biodiesel. If the federal biodiesel tax
 incentives are eliminated or sharply curtailed, we believe that a decreased
 demand for biodiesel could result. 

Lax
 enforcement of environmental and
 energy policy regulations may adversely affect demand for
 biodiesel. 

Our
 success will depend in part on effective enforcement of existing environmental
 and energy policy regulations. Many of our potential customers are
 unlikely to switch from the use of conventional fuels unless compliance with
 applicable regulatory requirements leads, directly or indirectly, to the use
 of
 biodiesel. Both additional regulation and enforcement of such
 regulatory provisions are likely to be vigorously opposed by the entities
 affected by such requirements. If existing emissions-reducing
 standards are weakened, or if governments are not active and effective in
 enforcing such standards, our business and results of operations could be
 adversely affected. 

Even
 if
 the current trend toward more stringent emissions standards continues, we will
 depend on the ability of biodiesel to satisfy these emissions standards more
 efficiently than other alternative technologies. Certain standards
 imposed by regulatory programs may limit or preclude the use of our products
 to
 comply with environmental or energy requirements. Any decrease in the
 emission standards or the failure to enforce existing emission standards and
 other regulations could result in a reduced demand for biodiesel. A
 significant decrease in the demand for biodiesel will reduce the price of
 biodiesel, adversely affect our profitability and decrease the value of your
 stock. 

Costs
 of compliance with burdensome
 or changing environmental and operational safety regulations could cause our
 focus to be diverted away from our business and our results of operations to
 suffer. 

Biodiesel
 production involves the emission of various airborne pollutants, including
 particulate matter, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, volatile
 organic compounds and sulfur dioxide. As a result, we are subject to
 complicated environmental regulations of the U.S. Environmental Protection
 Agency and regulations and permitting requirements of state
 governments. These regulations are subject to change and such changes
 may require additional capital expenditures or increased operating
 costs. Consequently, considerable resources may be required to comply
 with future environmental regulations. In addition, biodiesel plants
 could be subject to environmental nuisance or related claims by employees,
 property owners or residents near the biodiesel plants arising from air or
 water
 discharges. Environmental and public nuisance claims, or tort claims
 based on emissions, or increased environmental compliance costs could
 significantly increase our operating costs. 

Biodiesel
 plants will also be subject to federal and state laws regarding occupational
 safety. Risks of substantial compliance costs and liabilities are
 inherent in biodiesel production. We may be subject to costs and
 liabilities related to worker safety and job related injuries, some of which
 may
 be significant. Possible future developments, including stricter
 safety laws for workers and other individuals, regulations and enforcement
 policies and claims for personal or property damages resulting from operation
 of
 the biodiesel plants could reduce the amount of cash that would otherwise be
 available to further enhance our business. 

11 

Risks
 Related to Our Common
 Stock 

Our
 common stock price may fluctuate
 considerably and stockholders may not be able to resell their shares at or
 above
 the price at which such shares were purchased. 

The
 market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to
 factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the
 following: 

Inability
 to commercially manufacture or market and distribute biodiesel
 fuel; 

Inability
 to manufacture biodiesel fuel as efficiently as we expect due to
 factors
 related to costs and supply of feedstock oil and
 energy; 

Factors
 affecting demand for biodiesel such as price, competition and general
 economic conditions; 

Discontinuation
 or limitations on state and federal biodiesel
 subsidies; 

Negative
 public sentiment toward biodiesel production and use;
 and 

Environmental
 restrictions increasing the costs and liabilities of biodiesel
 production. 

The
 stock
 market in general has experienced extreme price and volume
 fluctuations. The market prices of securities of fuel-related
 companies have experienced fluctuations that often have been unrelated or
 disproportionate to the operating results of these
 companies. Continued market fluctuations could result in extreme
 volatility in the price of our common stock, which could cause a decline in
 the
 value of our common stock. Price volatility might be worse if the
 trading volume of our common stock is low. 

Because
 we became public by means of
 a reverse merger, we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage
 firms for research and support. 

Additional
 risks may exist since we became public through a reverse
 merger. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide
 us with coverage since there is no incentive to brokerage firms to recommend
 the
 purchase of our common stock. We cannot assure you that brokerage
 firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on our behalf in the
 future. 

Our
 common stock may be considered
 a penny stock and may be difficult for you to sell. 

The
 SEC
 has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity
 security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or an exercise
 price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to specific
 exemptions. The market price of our common stock has been for much of
 its trading history since February 2005 and may continue to be less than 5.00
 per share, and therefore may be designated as a penny stock according to SEC
 rules. This designation requires any broker or dealer selling these
 securities to disclose certain information concerning the transaction, obtain
 a
 written agreement from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is
 reasonably suitable to purchase the securities. These rules may
 restrict the ability of brokers or dealers to sell our common stock and may
 affect the ability of investors to sell their shares. In addition,
 since our common stock is currently traded on the NASD s OTC Bulletin Board,
 investors may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations of our common
 stock and may experience a lack of buyers to purchase such stock or a lack
 of
 market makers to support the stock price. 

12 

Failure
 to achieve and maintain
 effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating
 results. In addition, current and potential stockholders could lose
 confidence in our financial reporting, which could have an adverse effect on
 our
 stock price. 

Effective
 internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports
 and
 effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
 reports or prevent fraud, our operating results could be harmed. 

In
 accordance with 1933 Act Release No. 8760, commencing with our fiscal year
 ending September 30, 2008, we will become subject to the requirement to include
 in our annual report management s assessment of internal controls over financial
 reporting. This assessment will require us to document and test our
 internal control procedures in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. Our independent registered public accountants will be required
 to
 attest to our assessment of internal controls for our fiscal year ending
 September 30, 2009. 

During
 the course of our testing, we may identify deficiencies which we may not be
 able
 to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 for
 compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition, if we
 fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal accounting controls, as such
 standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not
 be
 able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective
 internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section
 404. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control
 environment could cause us to face regulatory action and also cause investors
 to
 lose confidence in our reported financial information, either of which could
 have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Our
 principal stockholders have
 significant voting power and may take actions that may not be in the best
 interest of all other stockholders. 

Our
 officers, directors and principal stockholders control approximately 84 of
 our
 currently outstanding shares of common stock. If these stockholders
 act together, they may be able to exert significant control over our management
 and affairs requiring stockholder approval, including approval of significant
 corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the
 effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and might adversely affect
 the market price of our common stock. This concentration of ownership
 may not be in the best interests of all our stockholders. 

Investors
 should not anticipate
 receiving cash dividends on our common stock. 

We
 have
 never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital
 stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings to support
 operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying
 any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
 could issue blank check 
preferred stock without stockholder approval with the effect of diluting then
 current stockholder interests and impairing their voting rights, and provisions
 in our charter documents and under Delaware law could inhibit a takeover at
 a
 premium price. 

Our
 certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares
 of blank check preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences as
 may be determined from time to time by our board of
 directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without
 stockholder approval, to issue a series of preferred stock with dividend,
 liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could dilute the interest
 of, or impair the voting power of, our common stockholders. The
 issuance of a series of preferred stock could be used as a method of
 discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control. 

ITEM
 2. DESCRIPTION OF
 PROPERTY 

The
 Company does not own any real property. Better Biodiesel s production
 facilities are located on an operational rail spur in Spanish Fork, Utah, just
 off Interstate Highway 15. As of the date of this filing,
 however, the Company is actively seeking to relocate its
 facilities. 

13 

ITEM
 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The
 Company is not currently subject to any legal proceedings. From time to time,
 the Company may become subjected to litigation or proceedings in connection
 with
 its business, as either a plaintiff or defendant. The Company is
 currently not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which the Company may
 become a party that is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s
 business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A
 VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

None
 during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007. 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
 Company s common stock is traded in
 the Over-the-Counter market and is quoted on the Electronic Bulletin Board
 OTC
 Bulletin Board under the symbol Better Biodiesel. The following
 table represents the range of the high and the low closing prices, as quoted
 on
 the OTC Bulletin Board, for each fiscal quarter for the fiscal year ended
 September 30, 2007 for the transition period ended September 30,
 2006. These quotations represent prices between dealers, and may not
 include retail mark-ups, markdowns or commissions, and may not necessarily
 represent actual transactions. On September 20, 2006, the Company s
 amended its Articles of Incorporation to change the Company s name to Better
 Biodiesel, Inc., and to reverse split its shares of common stock on the basis
 of
 one share for each two shares issued and outstanding with all fractional shares
 rounded up to the nearest whole share. The foregoing amendments were effective
 September 21, 2006. On September 29, 2006, the Company announced the closing
 of
 its acquisition of Domestic Energy Partners, LLC by way of a Share Exchange
 Agreement . 

FISCAL
 QUARTER ENDING 

HIGH 

LOW 

September
 30, 2007 

2.40 

1.50 

June
 30, 2007 

2.70 

2.40 

March
 31, 2007 

7.00 

3.70 

December
 31, 2006 

9.70 

7.95 

September
 30, 2006 
 
 2.50 

1.30 

June
 30, 2006 
 
 6.00 

1.30 

March
 31, 2006 
 
 6.00 

3.10 

December
 31, 2005 
 
 10.00 

4.00 

As
 of
 January 10, 2008, the Company had 15,195,001 shares of common stock issued
 and
 outstanding and had approximately 82 stockholders of record. 

We
 have
 never declared or paid cash dividends to our stockholders. We currently intend
 to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation
 of our business and we do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends
 for
 the foreseeable future. 

Equity
 Compensation
 Plans 

In
 August
 2002 the Company established an equity compensation plan, the 2002 Equity
 Incentive Plan (the Equity Incentive Plan ), authorizing 2,500,000 shares of
 common stock of the Company, which pursuant to the terms of the Equity Incentive
 Plan was adjusted downward, as a result of the September 2006 reverse stock
 split of the Company s common stock to 1,250,000 shares, for the grant of
 incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options, as well as restricted
 stock awards or bonuses. Currently, no options are issued and
 outstanding and no options or stock grants have been issued Equity Incentive
 Plan, nor has the Company s Board of Directors has not allocated any shares to
 the Equity Incentive Plan. 

14 

Pursuant
 to Section 4.3 of the Equity Incentive Plan the number of shares authorized,
 issued and outstanding or stock awards or options granted under the Equity
 Incentive Plan are adjusted in like manner with any increase, decrease in the
 issued and outstanding shares by payment of stock dividend or other distribution
 payable in stock, or through stock split, subdivision, consolidation,
 combination or recapitalization. 

Equity
 Compensation Plan
 Information 

Plan
 Category 

Number
 of securities to 

Weighted-average 

Number
 of securities 

be
 issued upon exercise 

exercise
 price of 

remaining
 available for 

of
 outstanding options, 

outstanding
 options, 

future
 issuance under 

warrants
 and rights (a) 

warrants
 and rights (b) 

equity
 compensation 

plans
 (excluding 

securities
 reflected in 

column
 (a)) 

Equity
 compensation 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

plans
 approved by 

security
 holders 

Equity
 compensation 

N/A 

Price
 as listed on the 

N/A 

plans
 not approved by 

OTCBB
 at the time of 

security
 holders 

issuance. 

Recent
 Sales of Unregistered
 Securities 

During
 the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007 and for the nine month transition
 period ended September 30, 2006, the Company sold the following securities
 that
 were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act and not
 reported on any other form: 

During
 May and June 2007 the Company sold 377,500 units of securities of the Company,
 pursuant to an exemption under Rule 506 of the Securities Act to accredited
 investors, as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act in a private placement
 (the Private Placement ). The units consist of 377,500 shares of
 common stock and warrants to purchase 377,500 share of common stock at 2.65
 per
 share. The units were sold at 2.00 per unit. Gross
 proceeds totaled 755,000. The Company s Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer purchased 41,000 and 25,000 units,
 respectively. The common shares have piggy back registration rights
 and demand registration rights after 90 days, subject to limitations for
 additional financing being sought and limitations under current SEC
 regulations. 

The
 warrants vest immediately, expire in five years and may be exercised for cash
 or
 on a cashless basis. Analysis utilizing the Black-Scholes model
 utilizing volatility of 184 , a dividend yield of 0 and a risk free interest
 rate of 5.1 resulted in an allocation of proceeds of 385,050 to common stock
 (51 and 369,950 to the warrants as additional paid in capital
 (49 ). The Company accrued 75,500 as a placement fee that is payable
 at a larger round of financing or as a result of terminating the underlying
 agreement and allocated the costs as 51 to common stock and 49 to additional
 paid in capital. The Company also issued to Thomas Lloyd Capital, LLC
 28,491 warrants as a placement fee with an exercise price of 2.65, expiring
 in
 five years that can be exercised as cash or cashless. The warrants
 were valued utilizing the Black- Scholes model utilizing a volatility of 179 ,
 a
 dividend yield of 0 and a risk free rate of 4.9 . The 65,523 value
 was recorded as a reduction to common stock proceeds. 

In
 June
 2007 the Company issued 67,500 units of securities of the Company, pursuant
 to a
 private placement exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act to
 accredited investors, consisting of 67,500 shares of common stock and warrants
 to purchase 67,500 shares of common stock valued at 2.00 per
 unit. The terms and conditions of the securities are the same as the
 Private Placement described above, excluding placement fees. In
 exchange the Company received 11,107 of inventory, 35,721 of assets and
 88,172 of operating expenses. The 135,000 was allocated 51 to
 common stock and 49 to additional paid in capital. 

15 

In
 Connection with the share exchange between the Company and DEP, which closed
 on
 September 29, 2006 the Company, authorized the issuance of 28,500,000 shares
 of
 its unregistered common stock, pursuant to the private offering exemption under
 Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. The issuance was as
 follows: 

In
 exchange for services provided, the Company authorized the issuance of 4,500,000
 shares of common stock to Capital Group Communications, Inc. and 1,500,000
 shares of its common stock to Joseph Martin, LLC. 

At
 the
 election of Sausalito Capital Partners I, LLC, pursuant to the terms of a
 convertible promissory note issued to SCP by the Company, SCP converted the
 promissory note into 1,500,000 shares of the Company s common
 stock. 

Additionally,
 in connection with the terms the Company s share exchange agreement with
 Domestic Energy Partners, LLC ,
 under an exemption provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
 the
 Company issued, in exchange for all of the and outstanding equity and voting
 interests of Domestic Energy Partners, LLC, 5,250,000 shares of common stock
 to
 Ron Crafts, 5,250,000 shares to John Crawford, 3,755,500 shares to Lynn Dean
 Crawford, 2,625,000 shares to Peter Kristensen, 2,625,000 shares to Briton
 McConkie and 1,494,500 shares of common stock to James
 Crawford. 

ITEM
 6. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR
 PLAN OF OPERATIONS 

FORWARD
 LOOKING STATEMENTS CAUTIONARY 

This
 Item
 6 and the report on Form 10-KSB for the twelve month period ended September
 30,
 2007 may contain forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
 forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, 
 could, expects, plans, intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 predicts, potential or continue or the negative of such terms and other
 comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without
 limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies,
 competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business
 plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe
 that
 the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are reasonable,
 we
 cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or
 achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions
 discussed in these forward-looking statements. Changes in the circumstances
 upon
 which we base our predictions and/or forward-looking statements could materially
 affect our actual results. Additional factors that could materially affect
 these
 forward-looking statements and/or predictions include, among other things:
 (1)
 our limited operating history; (2) our ability to pay down existing debt; (3)
 the Company s ability to obtain contracts with suppliers of raw materials (for
 the Company s production of biodiesel fuel) and distributors of the Company s
 biodiesel fuel product; (4) the risks inherent in the mutual performance of
 such
 supplier and distributor contracts (including the Company s production
 performance); (5) the Company s ability to protect and defend the Company s
 proprietary technology; (6) the Company s ability to secure and retain
 management capable of managing growth; (7) the Company s ability to raise
 necessary financing to execute the Company s business plan; (8) potential
 litigation with our shareholders, creditors and/or former or current investors;
 (9) the Company s ability to comply with all applicable federal, state and local
 government and international rules and regulations; and (10) other factors
 over
 which we have little or no control. 

Organization
 and
 Business - Better Biodiesel, Inc. (f/k/a Mountain States Holdings, Inc.
 Mountain States )) was incorporated as a Colorado corporation in November 1990
 under the name Slam Dunk Enterprises, Inc, was inactive until May 1998 when
 it
 started engaging in the business of providing first and second mortgage
 financing under the name of Mountain States Lending, Inc. During January
 2001, the corporation filed articles of amendment with the Colorado Secretary
 of
 State, changing the corporation s name to Mountain States Lending, Inc., and
 during September 2002 changed the name again, to Mountain States Holdings,
 Inc. During September 2002, the corporation formed a wholly-owned
 subsidiary named Mountain States Lending, Inc. Mountain States Lending and
 on December 31, 2002, it transferred all of its assets and liabilities related
 to the mortgage lending business to this new subsidiary. In August 2006,
 all of the Company s assets and liabilities resided in two wholly-owned
 subsidiaries that were spun-off to two stockholders, one of whom was the former
 CEO of the Company, in exchange for 325,000 pre-split (162,500 post-split)
 shares of the Company s common stock. In September 2006, the Company
 entered into a the Exchange Agreement with Domestic Energy Partners, LLC, a
 Utah
 limited liability company DEP ), pursuant to which it acquired all of the
 equity interests in DEP. On September 20, 2006 prior to the closing of its
 Exchange Agreement with DEP, a majority of the shareholders of the Company
 at a
 special meeting of the shareholders approved amendments to the Company s
 Articles of Incorporation to change the Company s name to Better Biodiesel,
 Inc., and to reverse split its shares of common stock on the basis of one share
 for each two shares issued and outstanding with all fractional shares rounded
 up
 to the nearest whole share. The foregoing amendments were effective September
 21, 2006. 

16 

The share exchange of the Company and DEP has been accounted for as a reverse
 merger, which is equivalent to a recapitalization of the Company. Thus, in
 the September 30, 2007 Financial Statements of the Company included in this
 Form
 10-KSB, which present the Company as being in the development stage, the assets
 and liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets are the book values of DEP s
 assets and liabilities and the operations in the consolidated statement of
 operations are the operations of DEP. Further, unless obvious from the
 context that they refer to Mountain States, operational and financial data
 presented elsewhere in this Form 10-KSB refer to DEP, as the Company s sole and
 wholly-owned subsidiary. 

PLAN
 OF OPERATION 

During
 the next 12-month period the Company intends to focus on (1) the commercial
 development of (i) proprietary biodiesel fuel technology (ii) the procurement
 and supply of biodiesel raw materials and (iii) marketing and distribution
 of
 biodiesel fuel products (2) the vertical integration of these strategies, and
 (3) raising additional capital through debt or equity financing. 

Management
 believes that the key to profitability in the biodiesel industry is to control
 raw material and production costs. Rising commodity prices have
 caused many biodiesel producers to close operations while concurrently leading
 to a tightening of available investment capital. To control costs, the Company
 is expanding its focus to establish long-term contracts with low cost,
 diversified feedstock providers, and investing in technologies to that will
 enable the processing of a wider range of feedstocks. From the point
 of acquisition of low cost feedstock, the Company s goal will be to produce high
 quality American Society for Testing and Materials ASTM fuel using existing
 proven technologies. Additionally, the Company intends to acquire
 established biodiesel plants to produce biodiesel fuel for resale and is
 investigating a potential acquisition of an established petrodiesel distributor
 capable of distributing biodiesel fuel. 

We
 had a
 net loss of 2,367,682 for the twelve months ended September 30, 2007 and a
 net
 loss of 420,853 for the transitional period (nine months) ended September
 30,
 2006, an increase in net loss of 1,946,829. The increase in net loss
 is due to an increase of 664,099 in costs associated with warrant and option
 related expenses for consulting, director fees and other expenses, a 104,787
 increase in interest expense, a 119,546 increase in depreciation expense as
 well as increase in other operating expenses associated with being a public
 company for a full twelve months. The loss from inception (November 1,
 2004) through September 30, 2007 amounted to 2,840,482. 

We
 have
 financed our operations through various related party advances, private equity
 and debt transactions. 

Going
 concern
 presentation - The accompanying consolidated financial statements have
 been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles,
 which
 contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has
 incurred recurring losses from operations and has a net working capital
 deficiency and net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its
 ability to continue as a going concern. The Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm included in this Annual Report on Form 10-KSB stated
 that
 these conditions, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s
 ability to continue as a going concern. Company management intends to raise
 additional debt and equity financing to fund future operations and to provide
 additional working capital. However, there is no assurance that such financing
 will be obtained in sufficient amounts necessary to meet the Company s needs.
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any
 adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and
 classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities
 that
 may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

17 

Critical
 Accounting Policies
 and Estimates - The preparation of financial statements included in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-KSB requires management to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the
 date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
 expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management
 evaluates its estimates and judgments. Management bases its estimates and
 judgments on historical experiences and on various other factors that are
 believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
 the
 basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities
 that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may
 differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The
 more significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of the
 Company s financial statements include estimates as to the valuation of equity
 related instruments issued, and valuation allowance for deferred income tax
 assets. Our accounting policies are described in the notes to financial
 statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-KSB. The more critical
 accounting policies are as described below. 

Revenue
 recognition - The
 Company recognizes revenue when the product has been delivered or the services
 have been provided to the customer, the sales price is fixed or determinable,
 and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Income
 taxes - The Company
 utilizes SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, which requires recognition
 of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
 of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns.
 Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences
 in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
 and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax
 laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
 are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established,
 when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be
 realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax payable for the
 period and change during the period in net deferred tax assets and
 liabilities. 

Share-based
 compensation -
 The Company did not issue options or warrants to employees prior to 2005.
 Effective January 1, 2006, the Company accounts for all options and warrant
 grants to employees and consultants in accordance with SFAS 123R, which requires
 recording an expense over the requisite service period for the fair value of
 all
 options or warrants granted employees and consultants. As of September 30,
 2007, there were 684,816 warrants outstanding, of which 200,000 were for
 consulting services and there were 100,000 options outstanding to an independent
 director. 

18 

Results
 of Operations 
 - 

For
 the Twelve Months Ended
 9/30/07 

For
 the Nine Month Transition
 Period Ended 9/30/06 

Difference 

Sales 

11,925 

-- 

11,925 

Cost
 of Sales 

33,271 

-- 

33,271 

Gross
 Profit 

(21,346) 

-- 

(21,346) 

Operating
 Expenses 

Depreciation 

136,129 

16,583 

119,546 

Marketing 

83,300 

106,778 

(23,478) 

Research
 development 

43,502 

26,544 

16,958 

General
 administrative 

1,921,585 

264,281 

1,657,304 

Total
 operating expenses 

2,184,516 

414,186 

1,770,330 

Loss
 from operations 

(2,205,862) 

(414,186) 

(1,791,676) 

Interest
 expense 

(111,454) 

(6,667) 

(104,787) 

Net
 Loss Before Extraordinary Item 

(2,317,316) 

(420,853) 

(1,896,463) 

Extraordinary
 Loss From Fire 

(50,366) 

-- 

(50,366) 

Net
 Loss 

(2,367,682) 

(420,853) 

(1,946,829) 

Sales 
 amounted to 11,925 for
 the twelve months ended September 30, 2007 (2007) compared to no sales for
 the
 nine month transition ended September 30, 2006 (2006). The sales in
 2007 came from the delivery of 4,500 gallons of fuel in March of 2007 to a
 potential customer to be used by the buyer for testing in their laboratory
 and
 in actual use. There have been no sales since that time. 

Cost
 of Sales amounted to
 33,271 for 2007 compared to 0 in 2006. The cost of sales recorded
 in 2007 were inventory adjustments to reduce the carrying value to net
 realizable value. The write-down consisted of 16,532 for out of
 specification and unsalvageable fuel in process and 16,739 to adjust other
 additional work in process to net realizable value. There were no
 cost of sales associated with the sales, since that fuel was produced from
 feedstock that been expensed for research and development purposes. 

Depreciation 
 expense
 increased 119,546 from 16,583 in 2006 to 136,129 in 2007. The
 increase is a result of additional capital expenditures. 

Marketing 
 decreased from
 106,778 in 2006 to 83,300 in 2007, a decline of 23,478. The
 decease was primarily the result of canceling a sponsorship arrangement in
 December of 2006. 

Research
 and development rose
 from 26,544 in 2006 to 43,502, an increase of 16,958. The Company
 conducted additional research in the first half of 2007. 

19 

General
 and administrative 
 expenses amounted to 1,921,585 in 2007 compared to 264,281 in
 2007. 664,099 of the 1,657,304 increase was from non-cash expenses
 recognized for consulting, directors and other operating expenses associated
 with issuance of warrants and options. There was an increase of
 390,915 in salary expense associated with developing the Company s
 administrative capabilities. The remainder of the increases are
 primarily associated with a full year of expense and the costs associated with
 being a public company. 

Interest
 expense increased
 104,787 to 111,454 in 2007 when compared to interest expense of 6,667 in
 2006. The increase is associated with advances received and debt
 placed in 2007 and includes 70,913 in debt discount amortization. 

Extraordinary
 loss in 2007 of
 50,366 was due to a fire sustained by the Company in its fuel
 processor. The amount reflects the write-off of damaged equipment net
 of accumulated depreciation of 1,291. There was no insurance
 available to cover the loss. After reviewing the expenditures
 required to bring the processor back to full production and the economic
 benefit, the Company determined that its financial interests were best served
 by
 making basic repairs and to use the processor for limited production and for
 testing and demonstration purposes. It is expected the City of
 Spanish Fork will require certain improvements to be made in the building and
 containment equipment before it allows full production to resume. 

Liquidity
 and Capital
 Resources - Historically, our cash needs have been satisfied
 primarily through proceeds from private placements of our equity securities
 and
 debt instruments including debt instruments convertible into our equity
 securities and related party advances. We expect to continue to be
 required to raise capital in the future, but cannot guarantee that such
 financing activities will be sufficient to fund our current and future projects
 and our ability to meet our cash and working capital needs. 

The
 Company s working capital was a deficit of 1,055,311 at September 30, 2007
 compared to positive net working capital of 54,666 at September 30,
 2006. 

Net
 cash
 used in operating activities amounted to 854,662 in 2007 compared to 283,953
 net cash used in operating activities for 2006. 

Cash
 used
 in investing activities for 2007 amounted to 333,215 in 2007 compared to
 144,158 in 2006. 

Cash
 was
 provided from financing activities in the amount of 1,112,485 compared to
 601,927 during the transitional period ended September 30, 2006. 

Off-Balance
 Sheet
 Arrangements - We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that
 have or are likely to have a material current or future effect on the Company s
 financial condition, or changes in financial condition, liquidity or capital
 resources or expenditures. 

Recent
 accounting
 pronouncements In accordance with Release No. 8760 of the Securities Act
 of 1933, commencing with the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2008,
 the Company will become subject to the requirement to include in its annual
 report management s assessment of internal controls over financial
 reporting. This assessment will require the Company to document and
 test its internal control procedures in accordance with Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company s independent registered
 public accountants will be required to attest to the Company s assessment of
 internal controls for its fiscal year ending September 30, 2009. 

In
 September 2006, the FASB issued
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, Fair Value Measurements 
 SFAS
 157 ). SFAS 157 is effective for financial statements issued for
 fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within
 those
 fiscal years. The Company has not yet determined the effect of
 applying SFAS 157. 

In
 February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No.
 159, The Fair
 Value Option for
 Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , SFAS 159 ). SFAS
 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
 2007. The Company does not believe that FAS 159 will have any
 material effect on its financial statements. 

20 

In
 June 2007, the Emerging Issues Task
 Force of the FASB issued EITF Issue no. 07-3, Accounting for Nonrefundable
 Advance Payments for
 Goods or Services to be Used in Future Research and Development Activities , EITF 07-3 which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
 2007. EITF 07-3 requires that nonrefundable advance payments for
 future research and development activities be deferred and
 capitalized. Such amounts will be recognized as an expense as the
 goods are delivered or the related services are performed. The
 Company does not expect the adoption of EITF 07-3 to have a material impact
 on
 the financial results of the Company. 

In
 December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141(R), Business Combinations SFAS
 No. 141(R) ), which requires the Company to record fair value estimates of
 contingent consideration and certain other potential liabilities during the
 original purchase price allocation, expense acquisition costs as incurred and
 does not permit certain restructuring activities previously allowed under
 Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 95-3 to be recorded as a component of
 purchase accounting. The Company will adopt this standard at the
 beginning of The Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2010 for all
 prospective business acquisitions. The Company has not determined the
 effect that the adoption of SFAS No. 141(R) will have on its consolidated
 financial statements, but the impact will be limited to any future acquisitions
 beginning in fiscal 2010. 

In
 December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interests
 in
 Consolidated Financial Statements an amendment of ARB No. 51 , SFAS No.
 160 ), which causes noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries to be included in
 the equity section of the balance sheet. The Company will adopt this
 standard at the beginning of the Company s fiscal year ending September 30,
 2010. The Company has not determined the effect that the adoption of
 SFAS No. 160 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM
 7. FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 

The
 financial statements are set forth following the Exhibit Index. 

ITEM
 8. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
 WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
 8A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

The
 Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure
 that information required to be disclosed in the Company s Exchange Act reports
 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
 specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
 and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
 in accordance with the required disclosure controls and procedures as
 defined in Rule 13a-15(e). The Company s disclosure and control procedures
 are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives,
 and
 the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company
 concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
 at the reasonable assurance level. 

At
 the
 end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the Company carried out an
 evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s
 management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal
 financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the
 Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based of the foregoing, the
 principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company
 concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
 to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the Company s
 Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
 the
 time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
 is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management including the
 Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer to allow
 timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

There
 were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that
 occurred during the Company s last fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

21 

ITEM
 8B. OTHER
 INFORMATION 

On
 October 31, 2007, the Company
 accepted the resignations of Steve Nordaker and John Robinson from the Board
 of
 Directors of the Company, as reported on the Company s Form 8-K, filed November
 6, 2007. Mr. Nordaker and Mr. Robinson had served on the Board of
 Directors since June 19, 2007. Their resignations did not arise from
 the Board of Directors did not arise from any disagreement on any matter
 relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices, or regarding the
 general direction of the Company. 

On
 December 20, 2007, the Company entered into and closed an Asset Purchase,
 Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement with Ron Crafts, Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer of the Company, John Crawford, President, Chief Technology
 Officer and a Director of the Company, Lynn Dean Crawford, Chief Operations
 Officer of the Company, James Crawford, Mary Crafts, and Culinary Crafts, LLC.
 (the Disengaging Parties ), under which Ron Crafts, John Crawford, Lynn Dean
 Crawford and James Crawford exchanged a total of 15,750,000 shares of common stock
 of the Company in exchange for: (i) 100 of the membership interests in Domestic
 Energy Partners, LLC., the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary DEP (ii)
 certain contracts, certain biodiesel processing equipment related to the
 Company s proprietary production technology, office furnishings, transferable
 tax rebate certificates, documents and copyrights owned by the Company and/or
 DEP; (iii) all of the rights, title and interest held in the invention
 identified in the patent application assigned to the Company; and (iv) the
 Company s Twin Cessna airplane (the Asset Sale Agreement ). 

Additionally,
 under the Asset Sale Agreement, DEP assumed all liabilities in connection with,
 or obligations owed to, Ron Crafts, John Crawford, James Crawford, Lynn Dean
 Crawford and Culinary Crafts, including certain wages and loans payable (the
 liabilities have a stated, total of approximately 321,784). 

The
 Asset
 Sale Agreement also stipulated that Ron Crafts, John Crawford and Lynn Dean
 Crawford resign from their respective positions with the Company, upon
 closing. 

Seven
 shareholders of the Company beneficially owning a total of 24,751,000 shares
 of
 the Company s 30,945,001 total issued and outstanding shares of common stock
 consented to the Asset Sale Agreement, in accordance with Section 7-107-104
 and
 Section 7-112-102 of the Colorado Revised Statutes. Excluding
 shareholders with a direct interest in the assets sold in the Asset Sale
 Agreement, three shareholders beneficially owning a total of 9,001,000 shares
 consented out of the remaining 15,154,001 total shares that are considered
 disinterested in the assets of the transaction. 

On
 December 20, 2007, the Company accepted the resignations of Ron Crafts from
 his
 positions as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer,
 John Crawford, from his positions as Director and as President and Chief
 Technology Officer, and Lynn Dean Crawford from his position as Chief Operations
 Officer. 

The
 resignations, as reported on the Company s Form 8-K, filed December 21, 2007,
 were the result of the Board of Director s and management s decision to broaden
 its business plan, as described in the following paragraph, and the resulting
 Asset Sale Agreement, in response to management s belief that the proprietary
 technology included in the Asset Sale Agreement would not be ready for
 large-scale commercial use in the near term. 

The
 remaining management of the Company continues to focus on the Company s
 operations in the biodiesel industry, while shifting its business plan, from
 a
 singular focus on biodiesel production through proprietary technology, to a
 broader business plan including, in addition to research and development of
 biodiesel fuel technology, the supply of biodiesel raw materials vertically
 integrated with the marketing and distribution of biodiesel fuel
 products. The Company intends to appoint additional management
 and directors during the first half of 2008. 

22 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 9. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS, AND CONTROL PERSONS; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE
 ACT 

Directors
 and Executive
 Officers 

NAME 

AGE 

POSITION 

Ron
 Crafts(1) 

50 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

John
 Crawford(1) 

42 

President,
 Chief Technology Officer and Director 

Lynn
 Dean Crawford(1) 

63 

Chief
 Operations Officer 

Peter
 Kristensen(2) 

46 

Vice
 President of Corporate Development and Director 

F.
 Briton McConkie(2) 
 
 61 

Vice
 President of Business Development and Director 

Gary
 Crook 

55 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Steve
 Nordaker(3) 

60 

Director 

John
 Robinson(3) 

66 

Director 

David
 M. Otto 

49 

Director
 and General Securities Counsel 

(1)
 On
 December 20, 2007, the Company Ron Crafts resigned from his positions as
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer; John Crawford
 resigned from his positions as Director and as President and Chief Technology
 Officer; Lynn Dean Crawford from his position as Chief Operations
 Officer. 

(2)
 In
 July of 2007 the Company accepted the resignations of Briton McConkie as Vice
 President of Business Development and Peter Kristensen as Vice President of
 Corporate Development. Mr. McConkie and Mr. Kristensen had previously
 served on the Board of Directors from September 29, 2007, through June 19,
 2007,
 resigning their positions concurrent with the appointment of Steve Nordaker
 and
 John Robinson to the Board of Directors on June 19, 2007. 

(3)
 On
 October 31, 2007, Steve Nordaker and John Robinson resigned from the Board
 of
 Directors of the Company. 

23 

The
 above
 table states the individuals who served as officers and/or directors at any
 time
 during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007. As described above,
 several of these individuals resigned both during the fiscal year ended
 September 30, 2007 and during the first quarter of the fiscal year 2008,
 subsequent to the period covered in this annual report. Therefore the
 descriptions of the backgrounds of the individuals, below, represent historic
 disclosures regarding these individuals as of September 30, 2007. 

Ron
 Crafts 

 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
 Crafts, age 50, is an entrepreneur with 23 years of experience in business
 management and operations. Mr. Crafts was a Utah Best of State 
winner of the Entrepreneur of the Year award in 2005 for his successful
 catering company. Mr. Crafts attended college at Brigham Young University
 and has a background in accounting. 

John
 Crawford 

 President,
 Chief Technology Officer and Director 

Mr.
 Crawford, age 41, is the inventor of the Company s improved refining technology,
 and is in charge of all scientific development and advisory. Mr.
 Crawford is a chemical engineer who has co-authored numerous scientific papers
 and holds several patents in the area chemical science and engineering. Mr.
 Crawford s career began in environmental chemistry at Brigham Young
 University. Since that time he has had 16 years of experience
 developing chemical reaction measuring devices and equipment. 

Lynn
 Dean
 Crawford 

 Chief
 Operations Officer 

Mr.
 Crawford, age 62,
 has extensive experience in all aspects of technical engineering management,
 research and development, large-scale maintenance and logistics support for
 operations, government compliance oversight, mechanical design, computer systems
 and software implementation, and employee supervision. Mr. Crawford
 has over 25 years of experience in technical management positions of small
 and
 large companies, with 11 of those positions at the corporate
 level. Since 2002, Mr. Crawford has also been an independent
 consultant, providing guidance on project management, product design, patent
 development and regulatory support to start-up companies. Mr.
 Crawford received a B.S.E. in Mechanical Engineering and a Masters in Mechanical
 Engineering from Brigham Young University in 1971. 

Gary
 Crook 

 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Mr.
 Crook
 is a Partner in the Salt Lake City practice off Tatum, LLC, whose twenty-five
 year career includes serving as the Chief Financial and Controller in public,
 foreign and privately held companies in the business services, healthcare and
 retailing segments. His professional accomplishments include
 coordinating the 4 million acquisition of a radio station and helping take
 public SOS Staffing Services, a temporary staffing and consulting
 firm. Mr. Crook has led two follow-on equity offerings and a private
 debt placement, raising over 100 million. He was also a director and
 chairman of the audit committee for Q Comm International, Inc., an electronic
 prepaid transaction processor headquartered in Utah (QMMI.PK) prior of the
 merger of Q Comm into another firm in May 2007. Mr. Crook holds both
 a B.S. in Business Economics and Masters in Business Administration from the
 University of Utah. 

Peter
 Kristensen 

 Vice
 President of Corporate Development 

Mr.
 Kristensen, age 45, is Vice President of Corporate Development and a Director
 of
 the Company. He is responsible for contract procurement of feedstock
 as well as forming key business alliances worldwide. Since 1998,
 Mr. Kristensen has also been a business consultant, facilitating and arranging
 capital formations, evaluating business opportunities and deal structuring,
 and
 advising on mergers and acquisitions and corporate governance
 issues. Mr. Kristensen received a B.S. in Geophysical Engineering
 from the University of Utah in 1985. 

24 

F.
 Briton
 McConkie 

 Vice
 President of Business Development 

Mr.
 McConkie, age 60, is Vice President of Business Development and a Director
 of
 the Company. His responsibilities include structuring biodiesel joint
 ventures, strategic alliances and distribution transactions all over the
 world. Since 1994, Mr. McConkie has consulted on private/public
 mergers and acquisitions in Salt Lake City, where he has worked with investors
 and institutions on deal structuring and capital formation involving limited
 partnerships, as well as consulting for public companies. Mr.
 McConkie has worked to provide financing for NASDAQ companies. Mr.
 McConkie received a Bachelor of Science from the University of Utah in
 1971. 

John
 K.
 Robinson 

 Director, 

John
 Robinson, Ph. D, served as chief executive officer of Houston, Texas-based
 ChemConnect, Inc. ChemConnect ), which he joined in
 2000. ChemConnect is an electronic marketplace for buying and selling
 chemical feedstocks, commodity and specialty chemicals and
 polymers. Between 1983 through 2000, Mr. Robinson was employed with
 BP, p.l.c. (British Petroleum, BP as Group VP and member of the BP Chemicals
 Executive Committee. Mr. Robinson earned his Ph.D. in chemistry from
 Rice University, and an MBA in Finance from the University of
 Houston. 

Steve
 A.
 Nordaker 

 Director 

Steve
 Nordaker is Senior Vice President of Finance for The Energy Capital Group
 ECG ), a Houston-based development company dedicated to building, owning, and
 operating gasification units for the refining, petrochemical, and fertilizer
 industries. Prior to joining ECG, Mr. Nordaker was employed with JP
 Morgan Chase and its predecessor entities between 1982 and 2001, where he served
 as a Managing Director in the Energy Group, specializing in downstream energy
 and petrochemical, oil refining, pipeline, mining, and commodity/specialty/basic
 chemical companies. He received an MBA from University of Houston and
 a BS in Chemical Engineering from South Dakota School of Mines and
 Technology. 

David
 M.
 Otto 

 Director
 and General Securities Counsel 

Mr.
 Otto,
 age 48, is a Seattle-based attorney and the President of The Otto Law Group,
 PLLC. Mr. Otto s practice is focused on corporate finance, securities, mergers
 acquisitions, corporate law and governance. Mr. Otto began his practice on
 Wall Street in New York City in 1987 with the Hughes, Hubbard and Reed law
 firm,
 where he concentrated on significant corporate leveraged buyout and takeover
 transactions and equity and debt offerings for investment banks, venture capital
 firms and Fortune 1000 companies. In 1991, Mr. Otto moved to Seattle in order
 to
 dedicate his extensive experience to entrepreneurs, technology innovators,
 start-up and emerging growth businesses. In July 1999, Mr. Otto founded the
 Otto
 Law Group, PLLC in Seattle. Mr. Otto is a Director of Vocalscape Networks,
 Inc.,
 SinoFresh Healthcare, Inc., TechAlt, Inc., Avisere, Inc. and Saratoga Capital
 Partners, Inc. He is a member of the American Bar Association Committee on
 the
 Federal Regulation of Securities, Subcommittee on the 1933 Act and Chairman
 of
 the Legislation Subcommittee of the ABA s Venture Capital and Private Equity
 Committee. Mr. Otto is admitted to practice law in New York and Washington.
 Mr.
 Otto earned an AB from Harvard University and a JD from Fordham University
 School of Law. 

Compliance
 with Section 16(a) of the
 Exchange Act 

Section
 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s officers, directors and persons
 who beneficially own more than 10 of the Company s common stock to file reports
 of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons
 also
 are required to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms
 they
 file. None of the officers or directors of the Company have provided to the
 Company any filed reports upon their acquisition or disposition of securities
 of
 the Company. With the exception of the aforementioned, to the Company s
 knowledge, no officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than
 10 
 of the Company s common stock have failed to file the reports required pursuant
 to Section 16(a). 

25 

ITEM
 10. EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

The
 following tables set forth certain information regarding the Company s former
 CEO and CFO and each of our most highly compensated executive officers whose
 total annual salary and bonus for the period ended September 30, 2007 and
 transitional period ended September 30, 2006 exceeded
 100,000. No former or current officer received compensation in
 excess of 100,000 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2007 or for the
 transitional period ended September 30, 2006: 

SUMMARY
 COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name
 and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock
 Awards 

Option
 Awards 

Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 

Change
 in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
 Earnings 

All
 Other Compensation 

Total 

CEO 

 Ron
 Crafts 

 Appointed
 October 2006 

2007 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2006 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

OPTION
 GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR. 

In
 connection with the Independent Directors Services Agreement between the Company
 and Steve Nordaker, dated June 19, 2007, the Company awarded Mr. Nordaker
 100,000 stock options. Mr. Nordaker subsequently resigned on October
 31, 2007. 33,334 options vested immediately upon his
 appointment. The remaining 66,666 did not vest prior to his
 resignation, and therefore are cancelled. The Company has not issued
 the 33,334 vested options to Mr. Nordaker as of the date of this filing, but
 believes that the obligation to issues these options to Mr. Nordaker
 remains. 

26 

OUTSTANDING
 EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

Name 

Option
 Awards 

Stock
 Awards 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unearned
 Options 

Option
 Exercise Price 

Option
 Expiration Date 

Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 

Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other
 Rights
 That Have Not Vested 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares,
 Units or
 Other Rights That Have Not Vested 

CEO 

 Ron
 Crafts 

0 

0 

0 

0 

N/A 

0 

0 

0 

0 

DIRECTOR 

 Steve
 Nordaker 

33,334 

0 

0 

2.65 

6/18/2017 

0 

0 

0 

0 

(1) 

Mr.
 Nordaker was awarded stock options in the Company at the time of
 his
 acceptance of a position on the Board of Directors, on June 19, 2007,
 from
 which Mr. Nordaker resigned on October 31, 2007. 33,334 options
 vested immediately upon his appointment. The Company has not
 issued these options to Mr. Nordaker, but believes that the obligation
 to
 issues these options to Mr. Nordaker remains, despite of Mr. Nordaker s
 resignation. 

OPTION
 EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED TABLE 

Name 

Option
 Awards 

Stock
 Awards 

Number
 of Shares Acquired on Exercise 

Value
 Realized on Exercise 

Number
 of Shares Acquired on Vesting 

Value
 Realized on Vesting 

CEO 

 Ron
 Crafts 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

DIRECTOR 

 Steve
 Nordaker 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

27 

PENSION
 BENEFITS TABLE 

The
 Company did not offer a pension plan during fiscal year 2007. 

NONQUALIFIED
 DEFERRED COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
 Company did not offer any non-qualified deferred compensation plans during
 fiscal year 2007. 

DIRECTOR
 COMPENSATION DISCLOSURE 

In
 connection with the Independent Directors Services Agreement between the Company
 and Steve Nordaker, the Company awarded Mr. Nordaker 100,000 stock options
 in
 the Company at the time of his acceptance of a position on the Board of
 Directors, on June 19, 2007. Mr. Nordaker subsequently resigned on
 October 31, 2007. 33,334 options vested immediately upon his
 appointment. The Company has not issued these options to Mr.
 Nordaker, but believes that the obligation to issues these options to Mr.
 Nordaker remains, despite Mr. Nordaker s resignation. 

ITEM
 11. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
 MATTERS. 

The
 following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
 ownership of our common stock as of September 30, 2007, out of a total of
 30,945,001 shares of common stock of the Company issued and
 outstanding: 

Title
 of Class 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent
 of Class 

Common,
 no par value 

Ron
 Crafts 

 690
 West 350 North 

 Spanish
 Fork, UT 84660 

5,291,000 

17.10 

Common,
 no par value 

John
 Crawford 

 3820
 S. Elm 

 Tempe,
 AZ 85282 

5,250,000 

16.96 

Common,
 no par value 

Lynn
 Dean Crawford 

 5121
 Yearling Ave 

 Irvine,
 CA 92064 

3,755,500 

12.14 

Common,
 no par value 

Peter
 Kristensen 

 7668
 Quicksilver Dr. 

 Salt
 Lake City, UT 84121 

2,625,000 

8.48 

Common,
 no par value 

F.
 Briton McConkie 

 4014
 Splendor Way 

 Salt
 Lake City, UT 84124 

2,625,000 

8.48 

Common,
 no par value 

David
 M. Otto 

 601
 Union Street, Suite 4500 

 Seattle,
 WA 98164 

1,500,000 

4.85 [1] 

Common,
 no par value 
 Gary
 Crook 
 355
 South 1550 West 

 Spanish
 Fork, UT 84660 

25,000 

28 

ITEM
 12. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
 RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

Lynn
 Dean
 Crawford is the uncle of John Crawford. 

ITEM
 13. EXHIBITS 

See
 Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page below. 

ITEM
 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
 AND SERVICES 

Fee
 Category 

Fiscal
 2007 

Fiscal
 2006 

Audit
 Fees 

125,049 

5,000 

Audit-Related
 Fees 

8,390 

-- 

Tax
 Fees 

5,160 

-- 

All
 Other Fees 

-- 

-- 

Total 

138,599 

5,000 

The
 audit
 fees stated above consisted of fees for the Company's annual financial
 statements for the year ended September 30, 2007, and for September 30, 2006
 and
 the review of quarterly financial statements for the three periods ended
 December 31, 2006, March 31, 2007 and the six months ended June 30, 2007, as
 well as for services normally provided in connection with statutory and
 regulatory filings or engagements, consents and assistance with review of
 Company documents filed with the SEC. 

Tax
 fees
 consisted primarily of fees for the filing of the Company s tax return and for
 tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning services. 

Policy
 for Pre-Approval of Audit and
 Non-Audit Services 

The
 Board s policy is to pre-approve all audit, audit-related and non-audit services
 to be provided by the independent auditors and adopt and implement policies
 for
 such pre-approval. Independent auditors shall not be engaged to perform specific
 non-audit services proscribed by law or regulation. 

All
 engagements of the independent auditor to perform any audit services and
 non-audit services have been pre-approved by the Board in accordance with the
 pre-approval policy. The policy has not been waived in any
 instance. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
 to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
 by
 the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Orem, Utah on January
 14, 2008. 

Registrant 

Better
 Biodiesel, Inc. 

By: 

/s/
 Gary Crook 

Gary
 Crook 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
 to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has
 been
 signed below by the following persons on behalf of Registrant and in the
 capacities indicated on December 29, 2006. 

/s/
 Gary
 Crook _______________ 

 Gary
 Crook 

 Chief
 Financial
 Officer 

/s/
 David M.
 Otto ____________ 

 David
 M. Otto 

 Director,
 General Securities Counsel,
 Authorized Officer 

30 

EXHIBIT
 INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 

Description 

Location 

3(i) 

Articles
 of Incorporation of Slam Dunk Enterprises, Inc. 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3 of the Company s Form SB-2 filed August 9,
 2001 

3(ii) 

Bylaws 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3 of the Company's Form SB-2 filed August
 9,
 2001 

3.1 

Articles
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Slam Dunk Enterprises,
 Inc. changing name to Mountain States Lending, Inc. 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form SB-2 filed August
 9,
 2001 

3.2 

Articles
 of Incorporation of Mountain Eagle Homes, Inc. 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Form SB-2 filed August 9,
 2001 

3.3 

Articles
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Mountain States
 Lending,
 Inc., including a name change to Mountain States Holdings,
 Inc. 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Form 10-KSB filed March 31,
 2003 

3.4 

Articles
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Mountain
 States Holdings, Inc. 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Form 10-KSB filed April 17,
 2004 

4.1 

Promissory
 Note issued to Sausalito Capital Partners I, LLC 

Incorporated
 by reference the Company s Form 10-KSB filed January 2,
 2007 

4.2 

Security
 Agreement issued to Sausalito Capital Partners I, LLC 

Incorporated
 by reference the Company s Form 10-KSB filed January 2,
 2007 

4.3 

Form
 of Subscription Agreement for Common Stock 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed September 5,
 2006 

4.4 

Loan
 Agreement, Promissory Note and Warrant with Sausalito Capital Partners
 I,
 LLC 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Form 8-K filed February
 20,2007 

4.5 

Subscription
 Agreement from National Real Estate Solutions Group Inc. 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Company s Form 8-K filed February
 20,2007 

4.6 

Subscription
 Agreement 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the Company s Form 8-K filed May
 8,2007 

10.1 

Share
 Exchange Agreement by and among Mountain States Holdings, Inc.
 and
 Domestic Energy Partners, LLC and the security holders of Domestic
 Energy
 Partners, LLC 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed September 5,
 2006 

10.2 

REDD
 Engineering Engagement 

Incorporated
 by reference the Company s Form 10-KSB filed January 2,
 2007 

10.3 

Assignment
 of Intellectual Property 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 10-KSB filed January 2,
 2007 

10.5 

Agreement
 with TSG-LLC 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 10-QSB filed
 February 22, 2007, 2006 

16.1 

Letter
 re change in certifying accountant 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 16.1 of the Company s Form 8-K/A filed October 30,
 2006 

21.1 

Subsidiaries
 of Better Biodiesel 

Attached 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 Attached 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 Attached 

32 
 
 Certifications
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350) 
 
 Attached 

99.1 

Financial
 Statements 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed December 18,
 2006 

99.2 

Press
 Release Issued May 8, 2007 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed May 8,
 2007 

99.3 

Press
 Release Issued June 20, 2007 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed June 20,
 2007 

99.4 

Press
 Release Issued June 20, 2007 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Form 8-K filed June 20,
 2007 

99.5 

Press
 Release Issued July 31, 2007 

Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Company s Form 8-K filed July 31,
 2007 

Better
 BioDiesel,
 Inc. 

 Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Contents 

Page 

Report
 of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F1 

Consolidated
 Balance
 Sheet 

F2 

Consolidated
 Statements of
 Operations 

F3 

Consolidated
 Statement of
 Stockholders Equity 

F4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash
 Flows 

F5 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 

F6 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT
 REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
 the
 Board of Directors 

 Better
 Biodiesel, Inc. 

 Spanish
 Fork, Utah 

We
 have
 audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Better Biodiesel,
 Inc.,
 and Subsidiary (a development stage company) ("the Company"), as of
 September 30, 2007, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
 stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended
 September 30, 2007, the nine months ended September 30, 2006, and the
 period from November 1, 2004, (date of inception) through
 September 30, 2007. These consolidated financial statements are
 the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is
 to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on
 our
 audits. 

We
 conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
 Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
 that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
 the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The
 Company has determined that it is not required to have, nor were we engaged
 to
 perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
 reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over
 financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
 appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
 opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
 reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An
 audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
 and
 disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
 presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
 for our opinion. 

In
 our
 opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
 fairly,
 in all material respects, the financial position of Better Biodiesel, Inc.
 and
 Subsidiary (a development stage company) as of September 30, 2007, and the
 results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended
 September 30, 2007, the nine months ended September 30, 2006, and the
 period from November 1, 2004 (date of inception) through September 30,
 2007, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United
 States. 
 
 The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
 the
 Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2
 to the financial statements, the Company has experienced recurring losses
 from
 operations since inception and has relied on advances and loans from owners,
 debt, and sales of shares of its equity for operating capital. These
 conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue
 as a
 going concern. Management's plans regarding these matters are also
 discussed in Note 2 and Note 16. The consolidated financial
 statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
 of
 this uncertainty. 

/s/
 PETERSON SULLIVAN
 PLLC 

January
 11, 2008 

 Seattle,
 Washington 

F1 

BETTER
 BIODIESEL,
 INC. 

(A
 Development Stage Company) 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEET 

September
 30, 2007 

ASSETS 

September
 30, 2007 

Current
 Assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

98,424 

Accounts
 receivable, net of 500 reserve 

4,000 

Inventory 

57,333 

Prepaid
 expenses 

20,459 

Employee
 advances 

8,000 

Total
 current assets 

188,216 

Property
 and equipment, net 

439,166 

Deposits 

25,500 

Total
 assets 

652,882 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

856,828 

Notes
 payable, net of discount 

311,699 

Advances
 payable, related party 

75,000 

Total
 current liabilities 

1,243,527 

Stockholders'
 Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred
 stock, no par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, none
 issued 

- 

Common
 stock, no par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized, 

30,945,001,
 issued and outstanding 

1,147,585 

Additional
 paid in capital 

1,102,252 

Deficit
 accumulated during the development stage 

(2,840,482) 

Total
 stockholders' (deficit) 

(590,645) 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' (deficit) 

652,882 

See
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F2 

BETTER
 BIODIESEL,
 INC. 

(A
 Development Stage Company) 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Twelve Month Period Ended September 30, 2007 and For the Nine
 Month
 Period Ended September 30, 2006 and 

For
 the Period from Inception (November 1, 2004) through September 30,
 2007 

For
 the Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2007 

For
 the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2006 

From
 Inception on November 1, 2004 Through September 30, 2007 

Sales 

11,925 

- 

11,925 

Cost
 of Sales 

33,271 

33,271 

Gross
 Profit 

(21,346) 

- 

(21,346) 

Operating
 Expenses 

Depreciation 

136,129 

16,583 

154,365 

Marketing 

83,300 

106,778 

193,053 

Research
 and development 

43,502 

26,544 

72,341 

General
 and administrative 

1,921,585 

264,281 

2,230,890 

Total
 operating expenses 

2,184,516 

414,186 

2,650,649 

Loss
 from operations 

(2,205,862) 

(414,186) 

(2,671,995) 

Interest
 (expense) 

(111,454) 

(6,667) 

(118,121) 

Net
 Loss Before Extraordinary
 Item 

(2,317,316) 

(420,853) 

(2,790,116) 

Extraordinary
 Loss - Loss of
 Assets From Fire 

(50,366) 

- 

(50,366) 

Net
 Loss 

(2,367,682) 

(420,853) 

(2,840,482) 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share before extraordinary
 item 

(0.08) 

(0.18) 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share for extraordinary
 item 

(0.00) 

- 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share 

(0.08) 

(0.18) 

Weighted
 average basic and diluted shares 

outstanding 

30,668,638 

2,342,491 

See
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F3 

BETTER
 BIODIESEL,
 INC. 

(A
 Development Stage Company) 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For
 the Period from Inception (November 1, 2004) through September
 30,
 2007 

Preferred
 Stock 

Common
 Stock 

Additional
 Paid in Capital 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Subscription
 Receivable 

Shares 

Amount 

Accumulated
 Deficit 

Total 

At
 inception November 1, 2004 

- 

- 

2,000,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

December
 2004 - Sale of common 

shares
 at 0.50per pre-split share 

- 

- 

75,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss for the two months ended December 31, 2004 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1,300) 

(1,300) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2004 

- 

- 

2,075,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1,300) 

(1,300) 

May
 2005 - Sale of common 

shares
 at 0.50per pre-split share 

- 

- 

25,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

December
 2005 - Sale of common shares at 0.50 

shares
 at 0.50per pre-split share 

- 

- 

50,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss for the year ended 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(50,647) 

(50,647) 

31-Dec-05 

Balance
 at December 31, 2005 

- 

- 

2,150,000 

- 

- 

- 

(51,947) 

(51,947) 

August
 2006 - Sale of common shares at 0.50 

per
 pre-split share 

- 

- 

12,500 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

August
 2006 - Common shares returned and cancelled in exchange 

for
 two former subsidiaries 

- 

- 

(162,500) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

September
 2006 - Share arising in reverse stock split 

- 

- 

1 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

September
 2006 - Common shares issued upon conversion of 

note
 payable at merger 

- 

- 

1,500,000 

506,667 

- 

- 

- 

- 

506,667 

September
 2006 - Common shares issued to former LLC Member 

of
 Domestic exchange for cash and property 

Energy
 Partners, LLC in 

contributions
 to DEP 

- 

- 

5,250,000 

291,046 

- 

- 

- 

- 

291,046 

September
 2006 - Other common 

shares
 issued in merger 

- 

- 

21,750,000 

- 

- 

- 

# 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss for the nine month period 

ended
 September 30, 2006 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

# 

- 

(420,853) 

(420,853) 

Balance
 at September 30, 2006 

- 

- 

30,500,001 

797,713 

- 

- 

(472,800) 

324,913 

February
 2007 - 11,325 warrant issues 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

45,764 

- 

45,764 

February
 2007 - Discount for beneficial 

conversion
 feature 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

13,860 

- 

13,860 

May
 through June 2007 - Sale of units in private placement,
 each 

unit
 consisting of one common share and one warrant, 2.00 

per
 unit, net of fees of 75,500 

- 

- 

377,500 

346,545 

(82,000) 

- 

332,955 

- 

597,500 

June
 2007 - 28,491 warrants issued as fee in private placement 

- 

- 

- 

(65,523) 

- 

- 

65,523 

- 

- 

June
 2007 - repricing of 11, 325 warrants issued in February
 2007 

per
 warrant agreement 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2,073 

- 

2,073 

June
 2007 - 67,500 units in exchange for goods and services,
 each 

unit
 consisting of one common share and one warrant, 2.00 

per
 unit 

- 

- 

67,500 

68,850 

- 

- 

66,150 

- 

135,000 

June
 2007 - 200,000 warrants issued 

for
 financial consulting services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

482,215 

- 

482,215 

July
 2007 - Receipt of subscription receivable 

- 

- 

- 

- 

82,000 

- 

- 

- 

82,000 

June
 through September 2007 - 100,000 options as director's
 compensation 

93,712 

93,712 

Net
 loss for the year ended September 30, 2007 

- 

- 

- 

(2,367,682) 

(2,367,682) 

Balance
 at September 30, 2007 

- 

- 

30,945,001 

1,147,585 

- 

- 

1,102,252 

(2,840,482) 

(590,645) 

See
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F4 

BETTER
 BIODIESEL,
 INC. 

(A
 Development Stage Company) 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Twelve Month Period Ended September 30, 2007 and For the Nine
 Month
 Period Ended September 30, 2006 and 

For
 the Period from Inception (November 1, 2004) through September
 30,
 2007 

For
 the Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2007 

For
 the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2006 

From
 Inception on November 1, 2004 through September 30, 2007 

Cash
 Flows From Operating Activities 

Net
 loss 

(2,367,682) 

(420,853) 

(2,840,482) 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to 

net
 cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation,
 including 8,022 capitalized to inventory as of September 30,
 2007 

144,151 

16,583 

162,387 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

70,913 

- 

70,913 

Non-cash
 expense for consulting, director fees and other expenses 

664,099 

- 

664,099 

Non-cash
 expense for bad reserve 500) and carrying value of inventory
 33,269) 

33,769 

- 

33,769 

Non-cash
 expense for extraordinary item - write down of assets lost in
 fire 

50,366 

- 

50,366 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities 

Change
 in accounts receivable 

(4,500) 

- 

(4,500) 

Change
 in inventory 

(79,497) 

- 

(79,497) 

Change
 in prepaid expenses 

(2,082) 

(18,377) 

(20,459) 

Change
 in employee advances 

(8,000) 

- 

(8,000) 

Change
 in deposits 

(20,000) 

(5,500) 

(25,500) 

Change
 in accounts payable and 

accrued
 expenses 

663,801 

144,194 

807,995 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

(854,662) 

(283,953) 

(1,188,909) 

Cash
 Flows From Investing Activities 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

(333,215) 

(144,158) 

(477,373) 

Cash
 Flows From Financing Activities 

Proceeds
 from related party for company 

expenses,
 net 

75,000 

101,927 

227,221 

Proceeds
 from notes payable 

282,485 

- 

282,485 

Proceeds
 from sale of 377,500 units, consisting of 377,500 shares 

and
 warrants to purchase 377,500 shares valued at 2.00 per
 unit, 

excluding
 75,500 in accrued financing fees 

755,000 

- 

755,000 

Proceeds
 from related party notes payable 

- 

500,000 

500,000 

Net
 cash provided by financing 

activities 

1,112,485 

601,927 

1,764,706 

Net
 Change In Cash and Cash Equivalents 

(75,392) 

173,816 

98,424 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents, beginning of period 

173,816 

- 

- 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents, end of period 

98,424 

173,816 

98,424 

Supplemental
 Cash Flow Information 

Non-Cash
 Investing and Financing Activities 

Contribution
 of airplane and other assets by related party 

- 

- 

138,825 

Conversion
 of related party note payable and accrued 

interest
 to common stock 

- 

506,667 

506,667 

Conversion
 of contributions of cash and airplane 

by
 related party to common stock 

- 

291,046 

291,046 

Accrued
 financing fees for private placement of 377,500 units
 consisting 

of 377,500 shares and warrants to purchase 377,500 share valued
 at 

2..00
 per unit 

(75,500) 

- 

(75,500) 

Issuance
 of
 28,491 warrants as financing fee on 377,500 units
 private 

 placement 

(65,523 

- 

(65,523) 

Contribution
 of inventory and assets in exchange
 for 

units consiting of shares and warrants valued at 2.00 per 

unit 

46,828 

- 

46,828 

See
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F5 

NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT S 

Note
 1. Organization and
 Description of Business 

Better
 Biodiesel, Inc., the Company is a Colorado corporation and is a C 
corporation for federal income tax purposes. The Company was known as
 Mountain State Holdings, Inc., MSH until September 20, 2006, when it
 was renamed in anticipation of a merger on September 29, 2006, when it acquired
 all of the LLC Member Units of Domestic Energy Partners, LLC, DEP ), a Utah
 limited liability corporation. The previous assets and liabilities of MSH
 were spun off to two stockholders in August 2006 in exchange for the return
 of
 common shares. At the time of the acquisition of DEP, the Company had zero
 assets and zero liabilities. It had 2,000,001 shares of common stock
 issued and outstanding carried at zero value. 

The
 merger of the Company and DEP has been accounted for as a reverse merger,
 which
 is equivalent to a recapitalization of the Company. The assets and
 liabilities of DEP are presented in the consolidated balance sheets at book
 value. The historical operations presented in the Company s Consolidated
 Statements of Operations are those of DEP. 

DEP
 was
 organized as a limited liability corporation on May 18, 2005, although it
 had commenced operations in November 2004. Therefore, November 1,
 2004, is considered to be its effective date of inception. DEP was
 organized to develop alternative fuel sources, particularly the manufacture
 and
 distribution of bio-diesel products. DEP has had 11,925 of revenues to
 date and has been considered a development stage company since its inception
 (see Note 7). DEP comprises the Company s sole subsidiary and operations
 and the management of DEP and the Company are the same. The Company s
 headquarters is in Spanish Fork, Utah. 

The
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and
 its
 wholly-owned subsidiary and all intercompany balances and transactions have
 been
 eliminated. 

On
 December 20, 2007 the Company transfered certain
 assets in exchange for the return of 15,750,000 shares of stock, see Note
 16. 

F6 

Note
 2. Going
 Concern 

The
 Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared consistent with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applicable
 to a
 going concern, which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation
 of
 liabilities in the normal course of business. However, as shown in the
 accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has sustained
 losses
 and has relied on advances and loans from owners, debt and sales of shares
 of
 its equity for operating capital. To support the Company s operations for
 the next year, management has plans to raise between 7 and 8 million in
 capital by a combination of stockholder loans and private placements. 
There is no assurance, however, that these sources of capital will be timely
 obtained on acceptable terms. 

The
 consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
 to the
 recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification
 of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
 in existence. 

Note
 3. Significant Accounting
 Policies 

This
 summary of significant accounting policies of the Company is presented to
 assist
 in understanding the Company s consolidated financial statements. The
 financial statements and notes are representations of the Company s management
 who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting
 policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial
 statements. The following policies are considered to be
 significant. 

Use
 of
 Estimates 

The
 preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
 accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
 that
 affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and
 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

F7 

Cash
 and Cash
 Equivalents 

Cash
 equivalents are generally comprised of certain liquid investments with original
 maturities of less than three months. On occasion, the Company has cash
 balances in excess of federal insurance limits. No cash has ever been paid
 for interest expense or income tax. 

Accounts
 Receivable 

Accounts
 receivable consist of 4,500 due from the sale of fuel in March of 2007 and
 are
 associated with the tax rebate to be collected by the buyer and passed back
 to
 the Company. The Company has taken a 500 reserve to cover the
 potential cost to the buyer for amending its tax return, since the Company
 did
 not have its Federal tax rebate certificate until after the buyer s taxes were
 filed. 

Inventory 

Inventory
 consists of raw material for fuel production and fuel production in process
 and
 is carried at the lower of average cost or market. At September 30,
 2007 inventory consisted of 32,584 of raw material and 24,749 of fuel
 production in process, net of a write-down of 33,271 (this amount is included
 in the cost of sales). The write-down consisted of 16,532 for out of
 specification and unsalvageable fuel in process and 16,739 to adjust other
 additional work in process to net realizable value. 

Prepaid
 Expenses 

The
 Company has recognized pre-payments for its insurance premiums as a prepaid
 expense. 

F8 

Financial
 Instruments 

The
 Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts
 receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, notes payable and related
 party
 advances. The fair value of all financial instruments approximates the
 recorded value based on the short-term nature of these financial
 instruments. 

Property
 and
 Equipment 

Property
 and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated using the straight-line
 method
 over their estimated useful lives. Lease-hold improvements are being
 depreciated over the term of the lease, excluding option periods. When
 assets are disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation (net book value
 of
 the assets) are eliminated and any resultant gain or loss reflected
 accordingly. In July of 2007 the Company suffered a fire in its pilot
 processor, which resulted in the loss of the part of the
 equipment. As a result the Company wrote off 50,366 of equipment,
 net of 1,291 of accumulated depreciation as an extraordinary loss, see Note
 14. Betterments and improvements are capitalized over their estimated
 useful lives whereas repairs and maintenance expenditures on the assets are
 charged to expense as incurred. Property and equipment consisted of the
 following: 

Asset Class 

Life 

September 30, 

 2007 

Airplane 

7
 years 

138,825 

Furniture 

5
 years 

5,694 

Office
 Equipment 

3
 years 

6,830 

Leasehold
 Improvements 

Term 

125,035 

Processing
 Equipment 

5
 years 

265,966 

Tanks 

10
 years 

42,887 

Misc.
 Production Equipment 

5
 years 

15,025 

Less
 Accumulated Depreciation 

(161,096 

Net
 Property and Equipment 

439,166 

F9 

On
 December 20, 2007 the airplane and other assets were transferred in exchange
 for
 the return of 15,750,000 shares, see Note 16. 

Depreciation
 expense for the twelve months ended September 30, 2007, the nine months ended
 September 30, 2006 and from inception (November 1, 2004) through September
 30, 2007 was 136,129, 16,583 and 154,365, respectively. In
 addition, 8,022 of depreciation was capitalized to inventory for the twelve
 months ended September 30, 2007 for the time the Company was producing
 fuel. 

Deposits 

The
 Company has 25,500 of long-term deposits. 20,000 of the deposit is
 to an engineering firm as a retainer for work that was to be performed, 5,000
 is a deposit on the Company s property lease and there is 500 in miscellaneous
 deposit. 

Impairment
 of Long-Lived
 Assets 

In
 accordance with Statement of Financial Standards (SFAS) No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment
 or
 Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , the Company reviews long-lived assets for
 impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
 carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of
 assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount
 of
 an asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. 
If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized
 is
 measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds
 the
 fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the
 lower of the carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. The
 Company recognized 50,366 (net of accumulated depreciation of 1,291) as
 an
 extraordinary loss from the write-down of equipment damaged by a fire in
 July of
 2007 in the Company s pilot processor, see Note 14. The Company s
 management does not believe that any other of the Company s long-lived assets
 were impaired as of September 30, 2007. 

F10 

Revenue
 Recognition 

The
 Company has had 11,925 of revenues to date from a demonstration test in
 March
 of 2007. Sales of its product are recognized when delivered to
 customers. 

Advertising 

Advertising
 costs, which are included in marketing expense, are expensed as they are
 incurred. For the twelve months ended September 30, 2007 and the nine months
 ended September 30, 2006, advertising expense amounted to 50,171 and 6,488
 respectively. 

Research
 and
 Development 

Research
 and development costs are expensed as incurred. 

Income
 Taxes 

The
 Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under
 this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on
 differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
 liabilities and on the expected future tax benefits to be derived from net
 operating loss carryforwards measured using current tax rates. A valuation
 allowance is established if it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all
 of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

F11 

Loss
 Per
 Share 

Potential
 common shares are those issuable upon the conversion or exercise of other
 potentially dilutive securities such as preferred stock, convertible debt,
 options, and warrants. In these financial statements there were no
 potential common equivalent shares used in the calculation of weighted average
 common shares outstanding as the effect would be anti-dilutive because of
 the
 net loss. 

The
 calculation of weighted average basic shares outstanding reflects a two-for-one
 reverse stock split in September 2006. The accompanying financial
 statements are presented on a post-split basis. Basic loss per share is
 computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares
 outstanding during the reporting period. 

Common
 Shares and
 Equivalents 

12
 Months Ended September 30,
 2007 

9
 Months Ended September 30,
 2006 

Weighted
 average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per
 share 

30,668,638 

2,342,491 

Potentially
 dilutive securities excluded from loss per share
 computation: 

Warrants
 related to issuance of notes payable 

11,325 

-- 

Warrants
 related to private equity placement 

473,491 

-- 

Warrants
 related to consulting expense 

200,000 

-- 

Options
 granted to independent director(1) 

100,000 

-- 

Securities
 convertible into common shares(2) 

44,000 

-- 

(1) 

On
 October 31, 2007 the holder of the options, Steve Nordaker, resigned
 from
 the Company s board of directors. At the time of the
 resignation two-thirds of the options had not vested, resulting
 in a
 forfeiture of 66,667 options. See Note
 16. 

(2) 

The
 Company had discussions with the convertible note holder regarding
 changing the terms, but has been unable to reach an
 agreement. During November 2007 the Company forwarded the
 44,000 shares of common stock. See Note
 16. 

F12 

Share-Based
 Payments 

Grants
 of stock options and stock purchase warrants
 to employees and non-employees are accounted for in accordance with the
 Financial Accounting Standards Board's State of Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Pa yment ("SFAS
 123R") and with the Financial Accounting Standard Board's Emerging Issue
 Tast
 Force Abstract, EITF 96-18, Accounting for Equity
 Instruments
 that are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction
 with
 Selling, Goods and Services ("EITF 96-18"). To calculate the value
 of share-based payments, the Company used the Black-Scholes fair vale
 option-pricing model. 

Recent
 Accounting
 Developments 

In
 accordance with Release No. 8760 of the Securities Act of 1933, commencing
 with
 the Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2008, the Company will become
 subject to the requirement to include in its annual report management s
 assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. This
 assessment will require the Company to document and test its internal control
 procedures in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. The Company s independent registered public accountants will be
 required to attest to the Company s assessment of internal controls for its
 fiscal year ending September 30, 2009. 

In
 September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No.
 157, Fair Value Measurements 
 SFAS
 157 ). SFAS 157 is effective for financial statements issued for
 fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within
 those
 fiscal years. The Company has not yet determined the effect of
 applying SFAS 157. 

In
 February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 No.
 159, The Fair
 Value Option for
 Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , SFAS 159 ). SFAS
 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15,
 2007. The Company does not believe that FAS 159 will have any
 material effect on its financial statements. 

F13 

In
 June
 2007, the Emerging Issues Task Force of the FASB issued EITF Issue no. 07-3,
 Accounting for Nonrefundable
 Advance Payments for
 Goods or Services to be Used in Future Research and Development Activities , EITF 07-3 which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
 2007. EITF 07-3 requires that nonrefundable advance payments for
 future research and development activities be deferred and
 capitalized. Such amounts will be recognized as an expense as the
 goods are delivered or the related services are performed. The
 Company does not expect the adoption of EITF 07-3 to have a material impact
 on
 the financial results of the Company. 

In
 December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141(R), Business Combinations SFAS
 No. 141(R) ), which requires the Company to record fair value estimates of
 contingent consideration and certain other potential liabilities during the
 original purchase price allocation, expense acquisition costs as incurred
 and
 does not permit certain restructuring activities previously allowed under
 Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 95-3 to be recorded as a component of
 purchase accounting. The Company will adopt this standard at the
 beginning of The Company s fiscal year ending September 30, 2010 for all
 prospective business acquisitions. The Company has not determined the
 effect that the adoption of SFAS No. 141(R) will have on its consolidated
 financial statements, but the impact will be limited to any future acquisitions
 beginning in fiscal 2010. 

In
 December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interests
 in
 Consolidated Financial Statements an amendment of ARB No. 51 , SFAS No.
 160 ), which causes noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries to be included in
 the equity section of the balance sheet. The Company will adopt this
 standard at the beginning of the Company s fiscal year ending September 30,
 2010. The Company has not determined the effect that the adoption of
 SFAS No. 160 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

F14 

Note
 4. Related Party
 Transactions 

During
 2007 Gary Crook, the Company s CFO, (who remains a partner in Tatum, LLC)
 engaged Tatum, LLC to assist in completing the filing of the Company s 10-QSB s
 for the periods ending December 31, 2006 and March 31, 2007 and to
 assist in the documentation of accounting controls for production during
 the
 three months ending June 30, 2007. The cost of the engagements to the
 Company has totaled 13,800. 

During
 the twelve months ended September 30, 2007 Ron Crafts, the Company s Chief
 Executive Officer, advanced the Company 75,000. Interest is being
 accrued at 8 per annum. Subsequent to September 30, 2007 the
 advance, along with accrued interest was transferred to Domestic Energy
 Partners, LLC (see Note 16). 

Ron
 Crafts, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, purchased 41,000 units of the
 Company s Private Placement in May 2007, described in Note 11, for consideration
 of 82,000. Gary Crook, the Company s Chief Financial Officer,
 purchased 25,000 units for consideration of 50,000 in the same Private
 Placement. The terms of the transaction for Mr. Crafts and Mr. Crook
 were the same as that of the other investors. 

David
 M.
 Otto is general securities counsel and a director of the Company and a principal
 at The Otto Law Group, PLLC. The Company has expensed and accrued 100,620
 in legal fees to The Otto Law Group, PLLC, as of and for the twelve months
 ended
 September 30, 2007. 

Prior
 to
 the merger of the Company and DEP, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, who
 was an LLC member of DEP, contributed net cash of 152,221 to fund the
 operations of DEP and contributed an airplane valued at 138,825 to DEP. 
He received common stock of the Company in the merger in exchange for these
 contributions. 

Another
 party who became a stockholder of the Company in the merger loaned money
 to DEP
 under a convertible note. The note and the accrued interest thereon
 totaling 506,667 were converted to common stock of the Company at the
 merger. 

Two
 DEP
 LLC members who became stockholders of the Company were paid 40,000 for
 consulting services prior to the merger. 

F15 

Note
 5. Nonmonetary
 Transactions Prior to Merger 

Prior
 to
 the merger of the Company and DEP, two persons contributed future services
 and
 two persons contributed future services and processing development rights
 to DEP
 in the Form of an assignment (also signed by the Company s CEO) of an
 application for a patent on the Company s core technology in exchange for LLC
 member units. The Company determined that the value of these contributions
 was insignificant because of the highly speculative nature of the DEP
 development process at that time. All of these persons became stockholders
 of the Company in the merger. The first two persons contributing future
 services referred to above are the two DEP LLC members paid 40,000 referred
 to
 in Note 4. 

Note
 6. The Merger and
 Stockholders Equity 

On
 September 29, 2006, the Company acquired all the operations of DEP in exchange
 for 28,500,000 shares of the Company s no par value common stock, as
 follows: 

5,250,000 shares issued to the Company s CEO in exchange for cash
 and property contributed to DEP; 

1,500,000 shares issued upon conversion of note payable
 by DEP;
 and 

21,750,000 shares issued to other parties, including LLC
 members of
 DEP 

As
 a
 result of this merger, the Company became the sole LLC member of
 DEP. 

F16 

As
 of the
 effective date of inception of DEP s development stage (November 1, 2004),
 the Company, then operating as MSH, had 4,000,000 shares of its common stock
 issued and outstanding. In August 2006, two former stockholders of
 MSH exchanged a total of 325,000 common shares for two former subsidiaries
 of
 MSH, which comprised all of the assets and liabilities of MSH. The
 remaining common stock shares of MSH were then subject to a two-for-one reverse
 split, resulting in 2,000,001 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 at the time of merger. These stockholders, combined with the new shares
 issued in the merger, comprise the 30,500,001 shares of the Company s common
 stock issued and outstanding at September 30, 2006. During May
 and June of 2007 the Company issued 377,500 shares and 377,500 warrants in
 exchange for 755,000 in cash consideration and 67,500 shares and 67,500
 warrants in exchange for 135,000 of goods and services, see Note
 11. Total shares outstanding as of September 30, 2007 were
 30,945,001. The Company has also issued 11,325 warrants associated
 with the issuance of debt, 28,491 warrants as a private placement fee for
 the
 Private Placement of equity in 2007 and 200,000 warrants as a consulting
 fee,
 see Note 11. There is a convertible debenture outstanding that is
 convertible into 44,000 shares of common stock. The shares were
 issued in November 2007, see Note 16. The Company is authorized to issue
 a total
 of 200,000,000 shares of common stock. 

The
 Company also has 5,000,000 shares of no par value preferred stock authorized
 but
 none is issued. This class of stock is a blank check class in that the
 rights of such stock would be established at the time of its
 issuance. 

The
 Company left in place an incentive stock option plan established by MSH in
 2002
 but there are no stock grants issued or outstanding under the plan and the
 Company s Board of Directors has not allocated any stock to the
 plan. The Company has issued options to purchase 100,000 shares of
 common stock to an independent director as part of his board services agreement,
 see Notes 12 and 16. 

F17 

A
 summary
 of the accounting for the merger of the Company and DEP follows (in
 thousands): 

BBD (formerly MSH) 

DEP 

As of 

 9/29/06 

 before 

 merger 

Merger 

 adj. 

As of 

 9/29/06 

 after 

 merger 

As of 

 9/29/06 

 before 

 merger 

Merger 

 adj. 

As of 

 9/29/06 

 after 

 merger 

Consol. 

 Adj. 

BBD - 

 Consol. 

 Post- 

 Merger 

ASSETS: 

Current
 assets 

0 

0 

0 

192 

0 

192 

0 

192 

PPE
 other assets 

0 

0 

0 

270 

0 

270 

0 

270 

Due
 from subsidiary 

0 

507 

(1) 

507 

(507 

)(3) 

0 

Investment
 in subsidiary 

0 

(182 

)(2) 

(182 

182 

(4) 

0 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

0 

325 

325 

462 

0 

462 

(325 

462 

LIABILITIES
 
 EQUITY: 

LIABILITIES: 

Current
 liabilities 

0 

0 

0 

138 

0 

138 

0 

138 

Conv.
 note payable to related party 

507 

(507 

)(1) 

0 

0 

0 

Advances
 from parent 

0 

507 

(1) 

507 

(507 

)(3) 

0 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

0 

0 

0 

644 

0 

644 

(507 

138 

EQUITY: 

BBD
 Stockholders Equity: 

BBD
 Preferred Stock 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

BBD
 Common Stock 

0 

507 

(1) 

798 

0 

798 

291 

(2) 

BBD
 Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

0 

(473 

)(2) 

(473 

0 

(473 

DEP
 Members Capital: 

DEP
 Contrib. by LLC member 

291 

0 

(5) 

291 

(291 

)(4) 

0 

DEP
 Accumulated Deficit 

(473 

0 

(473 

473 

(4) 

0 

TOTAL
 EQUITY 

0 

325 

325 

(182 

0 

(182 

182 

325 

TOTAL
 LIAB. 
 EQUITY 

0 

325 

325 

462 

0 

462 

(325 

462 

Notes: 

1. 

Record
 the conversion of the DEP convertible note payable and accrued
 interest
 payable to 1,500,000 BBD common shares. 

2. 

Record
 the net book value of the net assets of DEP on the books of
 BBD. 

3. 

Eliminate
 intercompany advances. 

4. 

Eliminate
 BBD s investment in DEP. 

5. 

Contributions
 by LLC Member: 

Cash
 - per consolidated statement of Cash Flows 

152 

Contribution
 of airplane to DEP 

139 

Total 

291 

F18 

Note
 7. Development Stage
 Operations 

By
 virtue
 of its merger with DEP, which became its sole operations, the Company is
 considered to be in the development stage in accordance with the Financial
 Accounting Standards Board SFAS No. 7, Accounting and Reporting
 by
 Development Stage Enterprises . Since its inception, DEP has
 devoted substantially all of its time to raising capital, obtaining financing,
 and research and development activities. Furthermore, DEP has had a total
 of 11,925 of revenues and has had recurring losses since its
 inception. 

Total
 stockholders equity on the balance sheet includes the deficit accumulated
 during the development stage of 2,840,482 through September 30,
 2007. 

Note
 8. Notes
 Payable 

In
 November of 2006 the Company received an advance of 100,000 from Sausalito
 Capital Partners (a shareholder of the Company) in anticipation of negotiating
 and executing a promissory note. In February of 2007 a note payable
 was executed in exchange for the advance. The interest rate on the
 note is 6 per annum. Principal and accrued interest are due at the
 earlier of February of 2008 or within two days of the Company completing
 a
 private placement of at least 3.0 million. Warrants to purchase
 5,000 shares of the Company s common stock were issued to the investor in
 conjunction with the execution of the note. The warrants were
 granted with an initial exercise price of 5.00 per share and expire in
 February of 2009. The exercise price of the warrant may be adjusted
 downward if the Company issues common stock or securities convertible or
 exchangeable into common stock at a lower price. The warrants were
 valued utilizing the Black-Scholes model with volatility of 192 , a risk
 free
 interest rate of 4.8 , an expected life of two years, and a dividend yield
 of 0 resulting in a value of 4.17 per warrant. The valuation has
 been taken as a 17,253 discount on the note payable which is being expensed
 over the life of the note. The discount was determined based on the
 relative fair value of the warrants and the note. During May and June 2007
 the
 Company issued shares and warrants that triggered a revaluation lowering
 the
 exercise price to 2.00 per warrant resulting in an increase in valuation
 of
 1,243. All of the change was expensed as interest. As of
 September 30, 2007 the debt discount amounted to 8,301 and accrued interest
 was
 5,339. 

F19 

In
 December of 2006 the Company received an advance of 200,000 from National
 Real
 Estate Solutions Group in anticipation of negotiating and executing a debt
 agreement. In February of 2007, pursuant to a subscription agreement
 between National Real Estate and the Company, a convertible debenture
 was executed in exchange for the advance. The debenture matured at
 March 31, 2007 and had accrued interest of 20,000. Both the
 subscription agreement and the debenture provides that, at maturity, the
 Company
 has the option to convert the debenture and accrued interest into shares
 of the
 Company s common stock at a share price which is the greater of either 5.00 or
 75 of the most current 10-day trailing average bid price. The
 Company has valued the beneficial conversion feature at 13,860 and taken
 that
 amount as a discount on the debenture. Warrants to purchase 3,125
 shares of the Company s common stock with an initial exercise price of
 8.00 and an exercise period of 3 years were issued to the debenture
 holder. The exercise price of the warrant may be adjusted downward if the
 Company issues common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into
 common stock at a lower price. The warrants were valued utilizing the
 Black-Scholes model with volatility of 192 , a risk free interest rate of
 4.7 ,
 an expected life of three years and a dividend yield of 0 resulting in a
 value of 4.44 per warrant. The valuation has been taken as a 12,962
 discount on the debenture. The discount was determined based on the
 relative fair value of the warrants and note. Placement fees of 17,515
 were paid to an outside party for securing the financing. In
 addition, warrants were issued to that party to purchase 3,200 shares of
 the
 Company s common stock with an initial exercise price of 5.00 with an
 exercise period of 5 years for placement services rendered. The exercise
 price
 of the warrant may be adjusted downward if the Company issues common stock
 or
 securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock at a lower price.
 The
 warrants were valued utilizing the Black-Scholes model with volatility of
 192 ,
 a risk free interest rate of 4.7 an expected life of five years, and a dividend
 yield of 0 resulting in a value of 4.86 per warrant. The valuation
 of 15,549 and the placement fee of 17,515 were taken as a as an additional
 discount on the debenture. The discount was determined based on
 the relative fair value of the warrants and note. As of March 31, 2007, the
 maturity date, the debt discount of 59,786 was fully amortized to
 interest and 20,000 of accrued interest at that date was
 transferred from accrued interest to principal. Since March 31, 2007,
 interest has been accruing at 10 per annum resulting in accrued
 interest of 11,000 at September 30, 2007. During May and June 2007
 the Company issued shares and warrants that triggered a revaluation lowering
 the
 exercise price to 2.00 per warrant associated with the debenture resulting
 in
 an increase in valuation of 830. All of the change was expensed as
 interest. The Company provided notice to National Real Estate
 Solutions Group to convert its subordinated convertible debenture, but national
 Real Estate Solutions Group requested certain amendments to the agreement
 in
 lieu of conversion of the debenture. The Company has been in
 discussions with the debenture holder. In November of 2007 the
 Company issued the note holder, National Real Estate Solutions Group, 44,000
 shares of common stock, per the note agreement. Despite the stated
 terms of the above referenced subscription agreement and the convertible
 debenture, National Real Estate Solutions Group takes the position that the
 Company is obligated to repay the convertible debenture, in cash. In
 reliance on these documents, the Company disputes National Real Estate Solutions
 Group s position, but remains committed to reaching an agreement acceptable to
 both parties. Because the 44,000 shares were issued to National Real
 Estate Solutions Group, but National Real Estate Solutions Group maintains
 its
 position that it remains a debt-creditor of the Company, the Company will
 state
 National Real Estate Solutions Group as a both a shareholder and debt-creditor
 until a definitive agreement is reached, see Note 16. 

F20 

Note
 9. Related Party
 Advances 

As
 of
 September 30, 2007 Ron Crafts, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, had
 advanced the Company 75,000. Interest is being accrued at 8 per
 annum. Accrued interest at September 30, 2007 amounted to
 3,785. 

Note
 10. Commitments and
 Contingencies 

The
 Company leases its property, consisting of building and property for 5,000
 per
 month. Rent expense for the twelve months end September 30, 2007 and
 the nine months end September 30, 2006 was 60,000 and 15,000
 respectively. The lease expires in July of 2008, with four, two-year
 renewal option periods. The exercise of the renewal option allows the
 lease payment to be adjusted by 75 of the change in the Consumer Price
 Index in
 the preceding two year period. 

Future
 minimum lease payments are as follows for the year ending September
 30: 

2008 

50,000 

On
 January 29, 2007, the Company's board of directors resolved to issue 16,000
 shares of the Company's common stock to two separate parties for services
 rendered. The value of these services were deemed to be 120,000
 (based on the closing price of shares on the grant date). As of
 September 30, 2007, the shares have not been issued, but a liability has
 been
 recorded and is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses. An
 additional 20,000 of expense has been recorded under the terms of an agreement
 with one of the parties, resulting in a total liability of
 140,000. 

During
 2007 the board of directors resolved to issue Gary Crook, the Company s Chief
 Financial Officer, 305,000 options. On October 12, 2007, the board of
 directors adjusted the still unissued option grant to 500,000 options. The
 options have not been issued as of yet and no terms or conditions have
 been
 determined. 

The
 Company has an engagement letter with Thomas Lloyd (a financial advisor
 to the
 Company) to issue an additional 300,000 warrants at the completion of a
 10
 million, or higher, financing or upon termination of the underlying
 engagement. In addition, the Company has a 75,500 accrual for the
 placement associated with the Company s private placement from May and June of
 2007. The fee is due at the completion of a 10 million, or higher
 financing, or upon termination of the underlying agreement, see Note
 11. 

F21 

Note
 11. Common Stock and
 Warrants 

During
 May and June 2007 the Company sold 377,500 units in a private
 placement. The units consist of 377,500 shares of common stock and
 warrants to purchase 377,500 share of common stock at 2.65 per
 share. The units were sold at 2.00 per unit. Gross
 proceeds totaled 755,000. The Company s Chief Executive Office and
 Chief Financial Officer purchased 41,000 units and 25,000 units,
 respectively. The common shares have piggy back registration rights
 and demand registration rights after 90 days, subject to limitations for
 additional financing being sought and limitations under current SEC
 regulations. The warrants vest immediately, expire in five years and
 may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis. Analysis utilizing
 the Black-Scholes model utilizing volatility of 184 , an interest rate
 of 5.1 ,
 an expected life of five years, and a dividend yield of 0 resulted in an
 allocation of proceeds of 385,050 to common stock (51 and 369,950 to
 the
 warrants as additional paid in capital (49 ). The Company accrued
 75,500 as a placement fee that is payable at a larger round of financing
 or as
 a result of terminating the underlying agreement. The Company also
 issued 28,491 warrants as a placement fee with an exercise price of 2.65,
 expiring in five years that can be exercised as cash or cashless. The
 warrants were valued utilizing the Black- Scholes model utilizing a volatility
 of 184 , a risk free rate of 5.1 , an expected life of five years, and
 a
 dividend yield of 0 . The 65,523 value was recorded as a reduction
 to common stock proceeds. 

In
 June
 2007 the Company issued 67,500 units consisting of 67,500 shares of common
 stock
 and warrants to purchase 67,500 shares of common stock valued at 2.00
 per
 unit. The terms and conditions are the same as the private placement,
 excluding placement fees. In exchange the Company received 11,107 of
 inventory, 35,721 of property, plant, and equipment and 88,172
 of services and other expenses. The 135,000 was allocated
 51 to common stock and 49 to additional paid in capital. 

In
 June
 2007 the Company issued 200,000 warrants with an exercise of 2.65 per
 warrant
 and a five year expiration to a company in exchange for services. The
 warrants were valued utilizing the Black-Scholes model utilizing 184 
 volatility, a risk free rate of 5.1 , an expected life of five
 years and a dividend yield of 0 resulting in a value of 482,215 which was
 immediately expensed. 

F22 

Note
 12. Options 

The
 Company has granted options to a director of the Company. The Company
 has adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123R using the modified-prospective
 transition method and the disclosures that follow are based on applying
 SFAS No.
 123R. During June 2007 100,000 options were issued to a director with
 an exercise price of 2.65, which expire in June 2017. One-third of
 the options vest upon execution of the agreement with the director, another
 one-third vesting on the last day of the first year of the execution of
 the
 agreement and the remaining one-third on the last day of the second year
 of the
 execution of the agreement. The options were valued utilizing the
 Black-Scholes model with volatility of 181 , a risk-free rate of 5.1 ,
 an
 expected life of five years and a dividend yield of 0 resulting in a fair
 value of 2.19 per option. Compensation expense is amortized over the
 vesting period of the option on a straight-line basis resulting in 93,712
 in
 compensation expense for the twelve months ended September 30,
 2007. On October 31, 2007 the option holder, Steve Nordaker, resigned
 his board seat. At the time of the resignation 33,333 options were
 vested and 66,667 options were not vested. The 93,712 compensation
 expense at September 30, 2007 consisted of 73,110 expense on vested options
 and
 20,602 in accrued compensation amortized toward the next vesting period,
 see
 Note 16. 

Note
 13. Sales 

In
 March
 of 2007 the Company sold 4,500 gallons of biodiesel fuel to a potential
 customer
 as part of negotiating a letter of intent for Better Biodiesel to deliver
 fuel
 in the future. The purpose of the delivery was for the potential
 customer to run tests of the fuel in actual driving conditions and in the
 laboratory. The Company received 11,925 in revenue for delivering
 the fuel. 

During
 June of 2007 the Company began continuous production of biodiesel fuel,
 primarily to optimize the design of a new 10 million gallon per year
 processor. The Company was still in the process of modifying its
 process as of July 25, 2007 when a fire in the fuel processor halted production,
 see Note 14. The Company has made basic repairs to the processor and
 has only used the processor for limited production testing since
 then. No fuel has been sold since March of 2007. 

F23 

Note
 14. Extraordinary
 Loss 

On
 July
 25, 2007 the Company sustained a fire to its fuel processor which caused
 the
 Company to temporarily suspend fuel production at its production
 facility. As a result of the fire damage the Company wrote off
 50,366 worth of equipment, net of 1,291 of accumulated depreciation and
 no
 expected salvage value, as an extraordinary loss. There was no
 insurance available to cover the loss. 

After
 reviewing the expenditures required to bring the processor back to full
 production and the economic benefit, the Company determined that its financial
 interests were best served by making basic repairs and to use the processor
 for
 limited production and for testing and demonstration purposes. 

Note
 15. Income
 Taxes 

Significant
 components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities and related
 valuation allowances are as follows as of September 30: 

2007 

Deferred
 tax assets: 

Net
 operating loss carryforwards 

557,252 

Option
 / warrant compensation 

244,434 

Other 

10,219 

Total
 net deferred tax assets 

811,905 

Valuation
 allowance 

(811,905 

Deferred
 tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

-- 

The
 Company has established a valuation allowance to fully offset the 811,905
 deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2007, due to the uncertainty of
 future realization of the net deferred tax assets. The ability to
 realize any deferred tax asset is dependent on generating future taxable
 income. 

During
 the twelve months ended September 30, 2007 and the nine months ended
 September
 30, 2006, the valuation allowance increased by 771,042 and 40,863,
 respectively. 

The
 difference between the tax at the statutory federal tax rate and no tax
 provision recorded by the Company for the twelve months ended September
 30,
 2007, and the nine months ended September 30, 2006, is primarily due
 to the
 Company's full valuation allowance against its deferred tax
 assets. 

At Setember 30, 2007 the Company had net operating
 loss
 carryforwards for the Federal income tax purposes of approximately 1.6
 million to offset future income that expire beginning in 2021. 
Utilization of the carryforwards is dependent on generating future taxable
 income. 

F24 

Note
 16. Subsequent
 Events 

In
 November of 2007 the Company issued 44,000 shares of common stock to National
 Real Estate Solutions Group National Real Estate per the terms of the
 subscription agreement and subordinated convertible debenture (the Securities
 Agreement after National Real Estate and the Company failed to reach an
 agreement on an amendment to the Securities Agreement. Despite the
 written terms of the Security Agreement, National Real Estate takes the
 position
 that the Company remains obligated to repay the convertible debenture in
 cash. The Company continues to rely on the written terms of the
 Security Agreement to support its right to convert the debentures and issue
 the
 shares, but remains committed to reaching an agreement acceptable to both
 parties. Because the 44,000 shares were issued to National Real
 Estate, but National Real Estate Solutions Group maintains its position
 that it
 remains a debt-creditor of the Company, the Company will state National
 Real
 Estate Solutions Group as a both a shareholder and debt-creditor until
 a
 definitive agreement is reached, 

On
 October 31, 2007, the Board of Directors (the Board of Better Biodiesel, Inc.
 (the Company accepted the resignations of Steve Nordaker and John Robinson
 from the Board. Mr. Nordaker and Mr. Robinson had served on the Board
 since June 19, 2007. The resignations of Mr. Nordaker and Mr.
 Robinson from the Board do not arise from any disagreement on any matter
 relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices, or regarding the
 general direction of the Company. The Company is currently
 interviewing potential Board candidates who can facilitate strategic
 relationships for the Company within the biodiesel industry. 

On
 November 6, 2007, the Company executed a letter of intent with Green Energy
 Technology, Inc. GET to enter into a share exchange, whereby, upon the
 development, execution and closing of a definitive agreement by November
 30,
 2007, 15,750,000 shares of the Company s common stock and the Company s best
 efforts commitment to facilitate capital financing shall be exchanged for
 100 
 of the common stock of GET, and GET will become a wholly owned subsidiary
 of the
 Company. GET plans to realign the focus of the Company s business
 from a technology-based producer of biodiesel fuel to a vertically integrated
 business comprised of: i) the procurement of low cost and diversified feedstock;
 ii) biodiesel fuel production using proven, established technologies; iii)
 the
 distribution of internally produced petro-biodiesel blended fuel; and iv)
 the
 research and development of future renewable, cost-beneficial feedstocks. 
As of January 2008, the parties were unable to reach a definitive agreement
 and
 have terminated further discussions. 

Also,
 on
 November 6, 2007, the Company executed a letter of intent with Ron Crafts,
 the
 Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Crawford, President, Chief
 Technology Officer and a Director of the Company, Lynn Dean Crawford, Chief
 Operations Officer of the Company, James Crawford, Mary Crafts, and Culinary
 Crafts, LLC., whereby common stock of the Company owned by Ron Crafts,
 John,
 James and Lynn Dean Crawford will be returned to the Company in exchange
 for: i)
 100 of the membership interests in Domestic Energy Partners, LLC., the
 Company s wholly owned subsidiary DEP ii) all accounts, contracts,
 equipment, furnishings, miscellaneous personal property, fixtures, general
 intangibles, transferable tax rebate certificates, documents and copyrights
 owned by the Company and/or DEP; iii) all of the rights, title and interest
 held
 in the invention identified in the patent application assigned to the Company;
 iv) the Company s Twin Cessna airplane; and v) all liabilities in connection
 with, or obligations owed to, Mr. Crafts, John, James and Lynn Dean Crawford
 and/or Culinary Crafts. Under this letter of intent, Ron Crafts, John
 Crawford and Lynn Dean Crawford will resign from their respective positions
 with
 the Company. 

F25 

The
 Company filed an 8-K on the board member resignations and the letters of
 intent
 on November 6, 2007. 

On
 December 20, 2007, the Company entered into and closed an Asset Purchase,
 Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement with Ron Crafts, Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer of the Company, John Crawford, President, Chief Technology
 Officer and a Director of the Company, Lynn Dean Crawford, Chief Operations
 Officer of the Company, James Crawford, Mary Crafts, and Culinary Crafts,
 LLC.,
 under which Ron Crafts, John Crawford, Lynn Dean Crawford and James Crawford
 exchanged a total of 15,750,000 shares of common
 stock
 of the Company in exchange for: (i) 100 of the membership interests in
 Domestic
 Energy Partners, LLC., the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary DEP (ii)
 certain contracts, certain biodiesel processing equipment related to the
 Company s proprietary production technology, office furnishings, transferable
 tax rebate certificates, documents and copyrights owned by the Company
 and/or
 DEP; (iii) all of the rights, title and interest held in the invention
 identified in the patent application assigned to the Company; and (iv)
 the
 Company s Twin Cessna airplane (the Asset Sale Agreement ). 

Additionally,
 under the Asset Sale Agreement, DEP assumed all liabilities in connection
 with,
 or obligations owed to, Ron Crafts, John Crawford, James Crawford, Lynn
 Dean
 Crawford and Culinary Crafts, including certain wages and loans
 payable. The Asset Sale Agreement also stipulated that Ron Crafts,
 John Crawford and Lynn Dean Crawford resign from their respective positions
 with
 the Company, upon closing. 

Seven
 shareholders of the Company beneficially owning a total of 24,751,000 shares
 of
 the Company s 30,945,001 total issued and outstanding shares of common stock
 consented to the Asset Sale Agreement, in accordance with Section 7-107-104
 and
 Section 7-112-102 of the Colorado Revised Statutes. Excluding
 shareholders with a direct interest in the assets sold in the Asset Sale
 Agreement, three shareholders beneficially owning a total of 9,001,000
 shares
 consented out of the remaining 15,154,001 total shares that are considered
 disinterested in the assets of the transaction. 

On
 December 17, 2007, the Company executed a letter
 of intent with GeoAlgae Technology, Inc., a Wyoming corporation GAT ), to
 enter into an acquisition agreement (the Exchange whereby Better Biodiesel
 will acquire 100 of GAT, which will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
 the
 Company, in exchange for (i) 3,300,000 shares of common stock of Better
 Biodiesel and (ii) Better Biodiesel s commitment to make 6,700,000
 shares available as additional compensation, issuable to GAT subject to
 following performance based criteria, to be definitively determined in
 the
 Exchange. GAT is both (i) a development stage biodiesel supply and
 distribution company and (ii) currently developing proprietary technology
 that
 its management believes will enable the production of biodiesel fuel on
 a
 commercial scale using green algae as feed stock. 

F26 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF BETTER BIODIESEL

exhibit21-1.htm 

Exhibit
 21.1 

Subsidiaries
 of Better Biodiesel 

Domestic
 Energy Partners, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, is a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Better Biodiesel, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT.

exhibit31-1.htm 

Exhibit
 31.1 

I,
 David
 M. Otto, certify that: 

1.
 I have
 reviewed this annual report on Form 10-KSB of Better Biodiesel,
 Inc.; 

2.
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
 fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
 with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3.
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4.
 The
 small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
 small business issuer and have: 

a)
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and
 procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b)
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
 control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
 period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)
 disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business
 issuer s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to affect, the small business issuer s internal control over
 financial reporting; and 

5.
 The
 small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
 on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to
 the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of small business
 issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

a)
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
 of
 internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
 who
 have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: January
 14, 2007 

By: 

/s/
 David M. Otto 

David
 M. Otto 

Its:
 Authorized Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT.

exhibit31-2.htm 

Exhibit
 31.2 

I,
 Gary
 Crook, certify that: 

1.
 I have
 reviewed this report on Form 10-KSB of Better Biodiesel, Inc.; 

2.
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
 fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
 with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3.
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4.
 The
 small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
 small business issuer and have: 

a)
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and
 procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
 during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b)
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
 control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls
 and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
 period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)
 Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business
 issuer s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to affect, the small business issuer s internal control over
 financial reporting; and 

5.
 The
 small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based
 on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to
 the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of small business
 issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 functions): 

a)
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
 of
 internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process,
 summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
 who
 have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: January
 14, 2007 

By: 

/s/
 Gary Crook 

Gary
 Crook 

Its:
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 exhibit32.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

exhibit32.htm 

Exhibit
 32 

CERTIFICATIONS
 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18
 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In
 connection with the Annual Report of Better Biodiesel, Inc., a Colorado
 corporation (the "Company"), on Form 10-KSB for the period ended September
 30,
 2007, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Report"),
 Ron
 Crafts, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company,
 does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18
 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge: 

(1)
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 David M.
 Otto 

 By:
 David
 M. Otto 

 Its:
 Authorized Officer 

/s/
 Gary
 Crook 

 By:Gary
 Crook 

 Its:
 Chief Financial Officer, Chairman 

January
 14, 2007 

[A
 signed
 original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided
 to
 Better Biodiesel, Inc. and will be retained by it and furnished to the
 Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32>

